0 If they did, sewer gases would also come straight up.  The p trap is an intentional block using the toilet water to stop sewer gases from coming into your house.
1 I think it also has to do with the variety of popcorn they use. I remember a Food Network show (Unwrapped I think) that one explained there are two varieties of popcorn “butterfly” and “puffball” the difference being the shape. Butterfly tends to be used for everyday popcorn while puffball popcorn tends to get used for caramel corn and popcorn balls.  I don’t know if this might be what you’re thinking of.
2 Snot (mucus) is a water-based gel-like substance that is composed of salts, antiseptic enzymes (such as lysozymes which can kill bacteria), immunoglobulins (also known as antibodies), and glycoproteins. It essentially functions as a barrier to keep foreign substances from entering your body. Mucus is produced by mucous (notice the spelling difference) membranes in response to an irritant. When your body encounters an allergen, it triggers certain cells called mast cells which releases histamine. Histamine triggers the allergic response, which includes mucus production. All of the components of mucus can be found in blood and are collected by the mucous membranes to produce mucous. Another effect of histamine is that it causes your blood vessels to dilate and become "leaky." When there is leakage into the nasal and sinus cavities, this can also cause congestion.  In order to combat this, you can do a couple things. Antihistamines can block the histamine response and minimize mucous production. There are two generations of antihistamines. The first generation of antihistamines (eg, Benadryl) can be very sedating, while the second generation (eg. Claritin, Zyrtec, Allegra) is much less so. Also, to treat the vasodilation and leakage into the sinus cavities, you can take a mild stimulant (such as pseudoephedrine) to force the blood vessels to constrict and become less leaky. Additionally, nasal sprays containing steroids (such as Flonase) can help suppress your body's response to allergens so that it doesn't release as much histamine.
3 The hormone responsible for the absorption of water is known as vasopressin, or the antidiuretic hormone (ADH). Synthesized in the hypothalamus, its activation signals the kidneys to reabsorb the water passing through it to ensure that we aren’t dehydrated, while its deactivation signals the kidneys to allow water to pass through, ensuring that we aren’t overhydrated.  the simple reason why we don’t feel the urge to urinate when we’re asleep is that the brain, recognizing that the body is at rest, increases the production of ADH. The excess ADH forces the kidneys to reabsorb any water passing through and recirculate it into the bloodstream. As a result, absolutely no urine is produced.
4 Hi Everyone,  I'm locking this post. There is a strong disagreement as to whether or not this works at all, and I believe any relevant points in that regard has been made.  It is not within our role as moderators to determine whether a comment is correct or not. We don't pretend to be subject matter experts in all fields, and as such leave the correction process to the comments (as below). I know that is frustrating to a lot of people, and we are sorry we can't help more in that regard, it is just very much not a precedent that would be healthy to set.  I know a locked post always sucks, but this argument is devolving and is starting to get uncivil.  Petwins
5 Wind is caused by the difference in air pressure in different places. Warm air is less dense than cold air, so it wants to rise up and cold air wants to fall down. Cold air will push warm air out of the way, typically upwards where the warm air will be pushed away, cool down, and fall down elsewhere to continue the cycle.  Those different air temperatures pushing each other around is wind.  During the day, the Sun is warming the ground, which is warming the air. Air doesn't absorb visible light very well - obviously, that's why you can see through it. At night, the Sun...isn't. So there isn't as much energy warming the air. There is less of a difference between the warm air and the cold air, which is why there is less wind at night *generally speaking*.  Also, if it's been windy all day that means the air has been mixing and moving and shoving other air out of the way *all day*. That particular weather front may have simply pushed the other front out of the way already and there's not much left until the next one moves in.
6 TIL that not everyone experiences this. I've always seen this and figured everyone did too.
7 This sensation is called Jamais vu (the same family as deja vu).  Repetition makes your brain fatigued and if you repeat it enough, your brain is too tired to recognise that a certain word is an actual word.  &gt;Jamais vu is most commonly experienced when a person momentarily does not recognise a word or, less commonly, a person or place, that he or she knows. This can be achieved by anyone by repeatedly writing or saying a specific word out loud. After a few seconds one will often, despite knowing that it is a real word, feel as if "there's no way it is an actual word".   https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Jamais_vu
8 It's not like organs are just potatoes in a sack that can move around freely. They are all connected to each other and to blood vessels, muscles, bones and other stuff like that.
9 
10 Here’s what the google man said  It is related to Eustachian tube. It links the back of throat and the middle ear and allows air pressure to equalize in the middle ear. When you yawn air pressure goes up in this and it bends the ear drum and causes impair hearing (notice, just impair and not stop). Yawning also helps to open Eustachian tube
11 They did. Syphillis being one. It just didn’t have the same impact in Europe as a weakened kind of that disease already existed. The new strain brought back from the New World did a fair amount of damage though. The New World domesticated plants which don’t carry diseases that can be transferred to people. The old world domesticated animals which were a disease reservoir for a whole host of sicknesses. Europeans were used to disease in a way the Native Americans were not so anything brought back from the New World wasn’t as deadly
12 Swallowing is an automatic function, like breathing. You don’t realize how often you swallow until it hurts. I don’t know if we do swallow more when we have a sore throat, but my guess would be that it’s simply more noticeable because you don’t want to.
13 Some chemicals can burn you even if they’re not hot. If you drink one of these chemicals it will burn on the way down. If you puke it back up it will burn on the way out too, hurting you more.
14 The length of the digit determines nail growth. Fingers are longer so they grow faster on fingers.
15 In a nutshell, crying is a response from the feeling part of your mind, and talking is from the rational part.  When you are about to cry the feeling part takes over more strongly and pushes the rational to the side for a bit
16 Most people here probably just get it done as part of the routine servicing and don't have to think of it separately. Do American cars get regular services by garages or dealers?
17 Moving air helps and intensifies  evaporating moisture from your body, like sweat, general skin moisture, etc. Evaporating is energy (and temperature) consuming process, as energy is required to move water molecules from liquid to gaseous phase.
18 In the bible Hell is called the lake of fire.  There are other torments described in Hell but it is mainly fire that never goes out.  Gehenna from the Greek refers to the "Valley of Hinnom", which was a garbage dump just outside of Jerusalem. It was a place where people burned their garbage and there was always a fire burning there.
19 It goes back to trading stamps, companies like S&amp;H sold trading stamps to various businesses like grocers. You got stamps based on your purchase cost. Once you amassed enough stamps, you could trade them in for things like a free toaster or pots and pans.   A law was passed that the stamps had to have a cash value, i was normally 1/10 of a penny.   In the 60s, stamps were fading and coupons were becoming more popular. As some states treated coupons the same as stamps, they needed a cash value. It was set at 1/20th of a cent.   Theoretically, you can present 20 coupons for the penny at the retailer.
20 I believe it’s a safety thing - to make it easier to get out in a crash and they do crash a fair bit. It certainly would be more aero to have an enclosed cockpit.
21 As /u/EgNotaEkkiReddit wrote, an array is simply a block of data. Usually fixed size (can't resize it without creating a new array and copying the items to it), with N elements stored sequentially in memory, numbered from 0 to N-1.  A list is any sequential collection of items. You can add items to a list, remove items, sometimes even move items around. Unlike an array, a list can have different implementations:  * The actual data can be stored in an array, so it's easy to access any item in the middle of the list (you can ask for item #4 in the list for exapmle), but hard to add and remove items unless it's from the end of the list. This for example is known as `ArrayList` in Java or `List` in C#.  * The list can be a linked list - each item in the list holds a reference to the next item on the list (as in /u/EgNotaEkkiReddit's example). This makes it easy to add or remove items from the middle of the list, but difficult to access items (in order to get to item #4, you start from #0, from there to #1, to #2, etc.)
22 But wait. How has no one simply said, "hormones?" Hormones told my boobs to stop growing. I'm guessing they tell a dude's penis when it's done as well. Granted, there is a *huge* age range wherein this can happen, but it is the simplest biological answer.   If you're still a teenager, I'll tell you this. 15:1, college penises were bigger than high school penises in my experience. If you're 18 or younger, you may not be done yet. (I can also tell you it *actually* doesn't matter anyhow, but considering I may be taking to a minor, Imma stop right there.)  But yeah- hormones, and various growth-related parts of your brain. That's the simple answer.
23 I do not know the cause in your specific situation HOWEVER, the feeling of grogginess when you wake up is due to interrupting REM sleep (or "deep sleep", if you will). There are apps that claim to monitor your sleep movements and try to wake you up when you're not in REM sleep, thus keeping you from feeling groggy and tired when woken up.
24 The part that they are operating on during an ice pick (prefrontal) lobotomy is relatively free of major blood vessels.
25 The wire has electrical resistance to the flow of electricity. It's kind of like friction and the longer a wire is,  the more resistance the electric current will see. This will make the wire hotter and the electrical force on the other end lower
26 It... doesn’t. It flatly does not. You’ll keep metabolizing at whatever rate is necessary to keep you alive, based on how much energy your body’s using up. If you eat more than that, you’ll store most of the excess in fat. Some will be lost as heat.  It might help you stay sane, though.
27 
28 
29 They do realize their big size, and so do their predators.  The predators try to tip the odds in their own favor by going after the young, already sick, or injured, that's usually the hunts you see on TV.
30 The outside is actually moving faster. You can prove this by taking one point one centimeter from the center, and one point one meter from the center. The distance the outer point has to travel is way more than the inner point and because they arrive at the endpoint at the same time, the outside must be moving faster.
31 On the ISS, water (H2O) is changed into Oxygen (O2) and Hydrogen (H2)  by use of electricity (Electrolysis)
32 Related to cut of the shirt. Tailored-fit and slim-cut shirts have a tapered cut that pulls the shape of the fabric in at the abdomen, whereas "regular" cut shirts tend to be more or less straight down. As a result, regular cut shirts often have excess material around the abdomen, which can result in looking "fat".
33 Because as you speak, your vocal chords vibrate. These chords are connected to your body, so the vibrations not only are carried by the air to your ears, but through your body to your cochlea as well. This is why you sound different if you plug your ears and speak.
34 Not sure I understand your question but stars are born in nebulas from the formation of hydrogen.   So you have a massive cloud of hydrogen which swirls around. This means that certain regions will have more hydrogen than others. These areas then start pulling more hydrogen to them due to their increase in mass -&gt; more gravity.  At some point the density of the area is so great that it generates so much heat that it ignites -&gt; a star is born.  Over time more and more stars are born and eventually the nebula will disapear since all hydrogen is now in stars. At this point it is only a matter of time (a very very long time) until the stars run out of hydrogen and die.
35 Second question; having a transplant done by taking from an older person to a younger person.... doesn’t that mean the organ will have to work for likely over 100 years? Does this have any negative effects?
36 Do you mean a crankshaft?
37 It's more that your fingers are soft and squishy. Also, ticks are very small, so the force you're applying is most likely spread over their entire body. If you just try to step on one, they can fit between the treads of your shoe.
38 Because if you think there is a chance you can finish the race despite needing to stop you will push yourself beyond breaking point. Sometime that works, and sometime it doesn't
39 What other answers are forgetting is the *convection cap* that forms a layer of hot, dry air in between the warm, wet air and cool, dry air that "clash" to form storms.  Cold air is more dense than hot air. When a cold front meets a warm front, the cold air usually shoves the hot air out of the way, usually upwards on top of the cold air. Hot air rises, after all. If the warm air is full of moisture, that moisture condenses into clouds and rain.  A convection cap is a layer of hot, dry air that rises above the warm air because dry air is less dense than humid air, and it might also be warmer. This cap prevents the warm, humid air from rising.  When the cold front meets this combination of low-elevation warm, wet air and hot dry convection cap, it can't shove the warm air up so it flows up instead, on top of the other two. The cold air wants to go down and the humid air wants to go up, and the cold air continues to get cold in the upper atmosphere while the humid air get more warm hugging the hot ground, and the convection cap just stays in the way and prevents the two from mixing.  Eventually a "hole" in the convection cap forms where the warm air can flow through. As it does, it makes room for the cold air to flow around the whole system and inwards towards that hole. That puts pressure on the warm air, forcing it flow through the hole faster, which allows more cold air to fall around the system, which pushes on the warm air more.  As the warm air flows through the hole, angular momentum is conserved, so it swirls, not unlike water down a drain, except up instead of down. That is your tornado.  The United States has a big, warm body of water (the Gulf of Mexico) which is right next to some really hot, dry deserts (Texas and Arizona and Nevada), which are right next to some cold, dry Rocky mountains (and also Canada). They all kind of meet in Kansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, etc. Those conditions exist elsewhere in the world, but they're all *really big* in the US and otherwise uninterrupted by anything else. There's nothing but big, flat, empty plains. There's no mountains or big bodies of water to disrupt those big weather fronts.
40 Typically app writers make a deal with an advertising service. When you do certain things, they send a description of what you did to that service, so the app can show you relevant ads. However, that service in turn may also be working with additional apps, so the ads show up on multiple apps.
41 The RFID field is significantly more powerful than any field generated by a phone. Also phone compass's don't have particularly strong magnetic fields in the first place, IIRC they work based on the [Hall Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall_effect) which is better as it doesn't involve moving a physical dial.
42 Billions of years ago a star (probably multiple) much larger than our sun went super nova and seeded our corner of the galaxy with the elements it was once forging at its core, along with new elements that were created in the explosion. The cloud of gas and dust left over from the explosion collapsed into a disk and parts of that disc began to clump together forming our solar system. Hydrogen and oxygen atoms that were in that disc bonded with each other and became water.
43 Chapped skin has micro cracks on it. Think of them as very small little cuts. So, you are putting lotion on those little cuts and it can sting.
44 Our eye muscles are designed to work in tandem, and we are constantly strengthening that uniformity through usage (just think of how often you move your eyes together). Just as it’s sometimes difficult to move other body parts in an unusual way (like rolling your tongue or making your fingers do a Vulcan salute), your eyes just aren’t used to working independently and need a little extra effort to cross or uncross.   I’ve had a corneal condition in one eye for most of my life that has strengthened the other eye to compensate. I can move that eye independently of the other because (so say my eye surgeons) I have unintentionally trained the muscles to work that way.
45 Our brains need a *lot* of blood to stay alive. Normally, our bodies work just fine pumping blood against gravity and up to our noggins, but sometimes things go wrong. If for any reason there's a drop in blood pressure or heart rate or reduced level of oxygen to your brain, your brain is going to make you faint. Why? Because it will make you horizontal very quickly, and that will help restore blood flow to your brain since your body is no longer working against gravity. So fainting (technically called syncope) is about preserving bloodflow to the brain, which will prevent brain damage, but that's the extent that it has to do with damage. Preserving your brain is the paramount consideration. If your brain thinks it's not getting enough oxygen, it doesn't care about any other part of your body in that moment.  &amp;#x200B;  Anything that causes a sudden drop in blood pressure or heart rate can trigger fainting. Some of these things are physical, and some are psychological. I'm not entirely sure how to answer the rest of your question because you brought up this idea of "losing control"and control but I don't know that means or how it relates to this. If you clarify, I can answer the rest.
46 
47 &gt;What is the one thing that causes things to clip through one another in video games.  There is no one things. There is literally thousands of different bugs that allow for no-clip glitches. Sometimes its just as simple certain walls not having collision. Adding hitboxes to objects takes time, and if you assume a player will never interact with an object there is no real reason to add one. Things like the ceiling of levels often times dont have hotboxes, if the game lacks the vertical mobility to get there.   Other times it may require an animation that forces your character into a certain direction and orientation. Doom for example always puts your character a set distance from your opponent at the end of a glory kill. This means that if you hug really close to an enemy with your back to the wall the animation will put you through the wall at the end of it. Essentially teleporting you through the wall.   Other times it may simply be a matter of going so fast that you your individual movement never actually touch the wall. If you think of your character as simply teleporting as a set number of pixels , and if you are moving fast enough you can move teleport through walls.   There are also glitches that involve you despawning your own hitbox. For example, in the ratchet &amp; clank game if you start a level on the same frame that you fall out of the map, the game wont know where to put your hitbox. This allows you to essentially no clip through any wall.  There are also glitches that involve trigger skipping. Games dont load the entire map at the same time and sometimes things with physics, like doors, wont spawn until you get to a certain part of the map. If you can find away to avoid that trigger the door will be there, but its physics wont load and you can just walk right through.  These are just the ones i can think of off the top of my head. Depending on how the game is coded there can be thousands of possible ways to make it so your character can move through objects.
48 The horn does not "amplify" the sound, but it couples the available energy to the free air more efficiently. Kind of like how the correct bicycle gear lets you pedal at a speed and torque where you transmit the most power to the bike wheels.
49 SOS boxes on sides of roads. Assistance by others. More trucks on the roads.  More parts you could physically fix in the car.  The thing also is times change, tech changes, attitudes change.  Back then it was acceptable, now people will assume you have a cell phone and keep on going past.
50 It depends on the initial conditions. If they are not touching the ship when it starts spinning they should experience weightlessness. If they are spun with the ship they have the same forces acting upon them and it will appear that gravity is acting on them.
51 You cannot. But you can wash off dust that contains radioactive material, which will continue to bombard you and other bystanders with radiation until you get rid of it.
52 
53 [Here is a video](https://youtu.be/VptMkX2K7VE)  basically it's a titration type test that let's you known parts per million
54 Insects etc do not have ears in the sense that we have. They have organs scattered about them. It's safe to say that those organs' sensitivity has evolved to react appropriately.
55 Anxiety is a feeling strongly related to your "fight or flight" system and heavily involves norepinephrine.   This is the neurotransmitter that you release when you are fearful or uncomfortable that raises your heart rate, changes the flow of your blood to your muscles to prepare to run, and away from your gut because your body is more concerned about rubning than eating; this is what causes you to feel nauseous when you are anxious.   Norepinephrine puts your body in a state of alert, preparing for danger. This is why you feel more on edge and more focused on certain things while you're anxious; your body is looking for a threat and preparing to either fight or run away.  Anxiety is an abnormal reaction to stimuli that wouldn't normally cause this or an increased reaction more intense than normal. So while nost people might be a little anxious around crowds, a normal reaction, someone with anxiety can be much more anxious, due to an abnormally large amount of norepinephrine.
56 Hunger is the feeling of an empty stomach, it has nothingvto do with nutrients or digestion. You could put anything in there, a rock, a sponge, a balloon.  Just not liquids, they go straight throigh the stomach to the gut, that doesn't help.  That's how you can drink 2000 calories of alcohol and stll be super hungry.
57 Public key cryptography doesn't require certificates, certificates are only there to ensure that Alice is actually talking to Bob  Without certificates Alice asks Bob for his public key to send him a message, but Bob's evil twin Rob intercepts the message and gives Alice his key instead. He still passes all her messages on to Bob so she won't notice but he makes a copy of each message before passing them along  Certificates let Bob prove he's Bob. When Alice asks for his certificate with his public key she'll see his friend Sven vouching for him, when she checks out Sven's certificate she'll see Dave vouching for him. She knows Dave, everyone knows Dave! If Dave says Sven is trustworthy and Sven says Bob is the Bob she wanted to talk to then Alice knows her messages are only going to the person she wanted to talk to. This makes it a lot harder for Rob to get in the middle as he'd have to fake a certificate rather than just intercept the initial messages
58 In the case of the cream cheese frosting, its the sugar which prohibits bacterial growth to a large extent - same reason why maple syrup and honey are perfectly safe to keep out of the fridge (and you should, you heathens) - there's so much sugar in it, bacteria don't have a chance.
59 Typical high end sports car are much wider than regular car due to increased performance and the scissor door in high end sports car allow their owner to exit the vehicle easily even parked in between cars. By having the door opening up instead of traditionally outward, the owner would gain a lot more opening to get out of the car vs having to squeeze between the car and the door to not dent the other car.
60 Flux, in physics, is the amount of a field passing perpendicularly through a surface.   If you have a room filled with a constant field of 10 X Units pointed straight up, and have a flat horizontal square hovering in the middle of the room with an area of 4 Y units, the flux is 40 XY. (Where XY is just the new measurement unit. For magnetic flux, that's the Weber.)  Obviously, flux can become a lot more difficult to calculate with a complicated field that isn't constant and points in weird directions, or with a complicated surface that has a weird shape, or a field and surface that don't meet perpendicularly. For example, if the field is not pointed straight up but instead pointed sideways with a 30 degree angle to the ground, the flux is now only 20 XY, since the amount of field passing *perpendicularly* through the square is only the vertical component of the field, or sin(30)*40=20.   Magnetic flux is 'caused' simply by the existence of a magnetic field and a surface (which can be totally made-up) it can go through.
61 A hypercube, aka a tesseract.    You can't directly draw one. But you can draw the 'net' of one - the same way you can draw the net of a cube.  If you could somehow [fold this together](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/15/Tesseract_net_Crooked_House.svg/520px-Tesseract_net_Crooked_House.svg.png) you'd get a 4D object, the same way that if you [fold this together](https://www.nctm.org/uploadedImages/Content/Activities/3-5/CubeFoldStatic.gif) you get a cube.
62 Different ice makers!  Those small rough cube-ish pieces of ice you commonly see in fountain drinks is called "nugget" ice and is made by ice machines specifically designed to make that style of ice. This type of ice is commonly found in commercial ice makers, but not really as much in the home market, where a similar thing is achieved using "crushed" ice. But you can buy specialty ice makers to make this!  Nugget ice has a lot of surface area and fill up a glass easily due to its small size. This means it can quickly make a beverage quite cold with its rough shape and small size being in contact with a lot of liquid.  Your home ice makers at home generally pour ice into very smooth molds to freeze, as such, they come out quite smooth compared to nugget ice
63 Your fingers are far more sensitive than your toes, mostly because we use our fingers to interact with the world while our toes are just used to help us run faster.
64 It’s a wave and a stream of particles - known as wave-particle duality.  It doesn’t “pulse” per se.  The “problem” with light is that it can behave like a stream of particles in some experiments, and a wave in others.  Edit: typo
65 Be aware that the German V-2 rockets of WW2 flew several times faster than the speed of sound; they were close to being hypersonic. A large part of the problem of going supersonic is simply the power required and rockets are much more powerful than jet engines. Part of the reason for the early Soviet lead in space was their concentration on rockets whereas the US put more effort into aircraft.  Even aircraft powered by rockets are at a disadvantage over purely ballistic rockets because so much less weight is available for fuel and engines.
66 Let's say your body is a huge factory that does things (in this case - lifting a battery). Your consciousness is the boss that decides what the factory actually does and how. Your muscles are regular workers, who actually do stuff according to boss's orders. They would not know what to do without him. But suddenly the conveyor belt starts heating up and risks to catch on fire. When workers see it, they won't go to the boss and ask for permission to stop working and fix the problem. First of all, they will stop the production (this is what happened with you) so nothing gets seriously damaged. Once everything is back to normal, a good boss would look into the situation, figure out what happened and try to prevent such situations.  &amp;#x200B;  P.S. It's ELI5 after all :D
67 As u/Concise_Pirate says, it's not the height that cause things to heat up on re-entry, it's the speed.  The thing is, it's not the friction from the air that causes the heat, it's the *compression* of the air in front of the thing hitting the atmosphere. Because it's coming in at (much) more than the speed of sound, the air can't get out of the way fast enough. So it gets squeezed together, and compressing a gas makes it hotter (see Boyle's law). It's the heat from that compression that burns objects up on reentry.  Baumgartner started out in the atmosphere (albeit really, really thin atmosphere), and started from a standstill (relative to the atmosphere). As a result, he never broke the speed of sound (because the wind resistance prevented him), so the air was always able to get out of his way fast enough to not compress very much. So he didn't heat up very much.
68 Intelligence is a sort of vague thing, with many different interpretations. Generally, however, we try to compare them to what a human is capable of.   A human child develops as they grow older. For instance, human infants don't learn that a mirror is showing them themselves until around 18 months of age (about 1 and a half years old). Until then, they don't understand what a mirror is and may think it is another baby. This is because parts of their brain responsible for this type of logic and reason aren't developed enough yet.   We can sort of translate this to animals. Can an animal pass the mirror test? If so, they have some developmental features of a human of that approximate age. They have enough brain function and specialization to realise the mirror is not showing another animal, but themselves.   There are many tests like this that test how developed certain parts of the brain are.   We can also test things like abstract reasoning, such as by figuring out what should come next in a pattern.   Theres many kinds of intelligence though and an animal may have some skills and not others. They may pass the mirror test, but fail other tests that a younger human infant would pass.  But it helps to give us an idea of what an animal is capable of.
69 &gt; Is the broker using my money to invest then I'm just getting a cut of what they make?  Close, its:  The broker uses your money to invest, then they are just getting a cut of what they make, you keep the rest.  &gt; Why can't I just do this myself?  You can, but managing your money to the extent they do is a full time job. Its a lot easier for you to just leave it to them. Anyone can invest, but not many can invest well.  &gt; What if they take a bigger cut?  Then you can go find a broker that will take a smaller cut  &gt; Why did the government set up these things in the first place?  They want people to save for retirement, so the government can spend less on benefits when they get old. They encourage people to do this by offering tax exempt things like this.
70 It radiates off into deep space eventually.  The average temperature of the universe is -270C and it's unfathomably huge, your little radiator is hopelessly tiny in comparison.  Even stars and galaxies are ultimately tiny in comparison, eventually it will all freeze in the somewhat counter-intuitively named "heat death" where all energy is finally evenly distributed.
71 We don't really know yet. The brain is an incredibly complicated thing. However, we do know that different regions of the brain trigger when different things are being thought/happening. For example, we have a region of the brain responsible for transmitting images from the eyes. We have another region responsible for recognising shapes and objects. We have yet another region responsible for coordinating our own actions in response to those objects. When such a region is damaged, such as when it's cut out completely, one of two things can happen. Sometimes the brain can compensate and process the information elsewhere. Sometimes, there's nothing it can do, and it just loses that functionality all together.   There are a lot of really interesting conditions resulting from damage to visual areas of the brain. A condition called visual agnosia for example, which occurs in two forms. People can explain to you what an apple is, then when you show them an apple, they won't be able to tell you what they're look at. They know what an apple is, they know what shape an apple is, but when they look at the apple, they don't see an apple. Their eyes are describing the shape of the apple, but the bit of their brain that converts the signals into an imagined image doesn't build an apple in their mind. The second form they can look at an apple and describe the exact shape of it, but not tell you "this is an apple".   There can also be damage to the part of the brain that links the shape of objects to the type of movements needed to pick it up. Someone could for example know precisely what a mug is, see a mug, and then go to pick it up using the same hand shape they'd use for a pencil.   There's also a condition where you can have perfect, unhindered vision, but your brain just forgets the entire right half of your visual field. You can show someone with such a condition a picture and ask them to replicate the picture on a new sheet of paper. When they're looking at it, they can describe the entire picture, but the exact moment they stop looking at it, they forget that half the image existed, so when they try to replicate a drawing of a cat, they only draw half a cat and say "this is complete". Until you point it out to them that half the cat is missing, they just don't notice.
72 Full stomach and upper intestine pushing down on a load of more squishy intestines, probably. The weight has to be supported somehow.
73 Gas liquid Absorption   It is similar to how a sponge absorbes water. There is space between molecules of water. Due to this the density of the solution increases.
74 Our body doesn't just need water.  It needs a balance of water to salts (this is why drinking sea water is bad.  It's way too salty, so our body, in an effort to get rid of the salts will use water to flush it out).  Our kidneys regulate this.  If you have too much water and not enough salt, you pee a lot (and it's mostly water).  &amp;#x200B;  Pedialyte is balanced with water and salts already.  So it goes into our bodies with the ratio we want.  If we are already over-salted, then it's not really what we need, we'd just need water.
75 *social* animals like petting, since they use grooming and other contact to reinforce social bonds.  Most mammals and birds are at least semi-social and will react positively to contact from an individual they know.  Non-social animals are typically less receptive, although some can be trained to tolerate it.  Do not pet cobras.
76 THC is fat-soluble. Meaning when you smoke weed THC is stored in the fat cells, meth and many other drugs are water-soluble. You could drink enough water to flush meth out of your system for good. With THC, water only dilutes it for a short amount of time and cannot flush your system because it is stored in the fat.
77 
78 They are connected to a power source, either through the cord or from an internal battery.  Ultimately they work the same as larger speakers, but since they're one centimeter from your ear and only need to be heard by you they can get by with very low power.
79 'Plasma' air cleaners are a form of electrostatic precipitation. they use giant ones in a lot of manufacturing processes.     The idea is that a lot of particulate matter that comes from fire (and other hot sources) is often charged (has a + or a minus), so if you run it past a plate that has an electrical current running through it, it will stick to that plate. You may notice at home that your computer/tv/lights tends to get dustier than other non electric things, thats why.     So basically they are good at getting dust out of the air. The problem with using them in indoor air is that rooms are rarely well mixed. You would need to attach them directly to a ventilation system, not just around the place. It won't get all the air but might help if for example there is an air connection between the main house and the garage.     It would be better to rinse your gear with water (maybe add a little baking soda to the water if you want to be safe). I would look into HEPA filters as an alternate (do a price check), and maybe a cheap PM sensor (Plantower works pretty well). It is unlikely to help with sickness.
80 Sugar and salt are useful and necessary for the body to function. Sour foods have acid, and bitter foods are alkaline, and both of these can be harmful in large doses (which is relative). You'd need to consume a lot less sour or bitter food to throw your body out of whack than you would by eating too much sugar or salt.
81 Seeds can lie dormant for a long time when properly dehydrated. I don’t know about years on end. A little rehydration and heat will get them going again and germinating.
82 Your face is full of pores, which are little holes in the skin that work in many forms.  These holes can be clogged with materials such as dirt and sometimes your body thinks of it as an infection and activates it defense mechanism to stop it.  It seals the pore and sends in the fleet which causes inflammation and the development of puss.  Think of a golf ball with all the little dimples on it.  If one of the dimples gets dirt stuck it in, the body send white blood cells which makes the area around it grow and turn reddish.  Sometimes they blister up and turn white because they fill with puss and that make it look like a white pimple.  Your body doesn't say, "Hey, put one on the right cheek, even with the nose". Instead is says, "Jimmy forgot to wash his face all the way and now the pore located at (location) is clogged.  Send in the reinforcements and lets fix this".
83 Pigments are subtractive, they work by absorbing light. So if you mix a red and green pigment, you're not creating more red and green light, you're absorbing some non-red light and some non-green light, so they "cancel eachother out". Compare that to adding light together, which (not counting edge cases of destructive interference) just gives more of each kind of light, which will obviously look different then less light.
84 Probably because they all are made by different companies who have different ways of doing things. Also Apple products allow you to easily transfer files between bunch of devices, because they are made by one company, so there is only one standard.
85 Marijuana us a pretty complex drug and affects many different receptors in the brain, where as other drugs tend to affect just a few.   It affects a large number of things, including mood, memory, perception, and less obvious things like your immune system. It even interacts with the opiod systen in your brain, a naturally occuring system of receptors and neurotransmitters that help control pain.   It affects dopamine, endorphins, and norepinephrine, which can cause euphoria and/or anxiety. Anxiety comes in the way it affects norepinephrine, which makes you feel on edge and raises things like your heart rate.   The reason marijuana seems so different from other drugs is because other drugs tend to either give a boost of energy and mood, decrease energy and make you feel more relaxed, or cause hullucenations, but marijuana causes a mixture of all of these feelings due to its more complex actions on a wider array of receptors in your brain. It can make you feel nore energetic, ancious, or less energetic and relaxed and it can affect how you think and perceive things (psychotropic effects).
86 You have active radio transponder on the buses or some other way to detect them and change the switching of the light so it let them trough first.    So the the idea is if a buss is detected on road A then next road that will have a green light will be A and leave it green until the buss has passed trough the intersection. The cycle the normal way trough the roads in the intersection
87 [removed]
88 Normal sight is made possible partly because of the part of your eye called the lens. It is an oblong shaped piece of clear tissue that bends light. It is shaped in such a way that light entering from various angles is all bent so that they hit the same spot on the retina on the back of your eye. Eye sight problems can be caused when this lens is not shaped correctly, meaning light does not bend all the way, or bends too much.  Artificial lenses, like contacts and glasses, fix this by bending the light as well, in such a way that when it hits the natural lens of your eye, it is able to bend it appropriately to hit your retina in the right spot to focus one the image.
89 When opened ice cream is kept in the freezer, a lot of water content starts turning to ice which makes it considerable harder.   If you were to put it in an air tight container and then store, it won't become harder :)
90 
91 The inner ears contain liquid and very fine/tiny hairs. When moving around, the liquid bends the hairs which send signals to your brain regarding your movement. When you spin, the liquid moves around....and when you stop spinning, the liquid takes a while to slow down. During the time you stopped spinning and when the liquid stops moving from your spinning momentum, your brain is confused and you feel dizzy.
92 An Altimeter is has a little metal accordion shaped canister inside.  It's called an [aneroid wafer](https://www.cfinotebook.net/graphics/avionics-and-instruments/altimeter/altimeter.jpg)    The canister is sealed with an amount of air trapped inside of it.  As you climb and descend, the difference in air pressure between the surrounding atmosphere and the air trapped in the wafer causes that wafer to expand and contract, just like a balloon does when you carry it to different elevations.  The rest is merely calibrating that wafer to move a needle on a display that you can read.  To compensate for the different pressure from weather systems, there is a knob on it to adjust it to the current local pressure.  At altitudes above 18,000 feet, you're moving too fast to keep it accurate across weather systems, so everyone sets their altimeters to the standard 29.92 inches of Mercury.     This means that everyone is no longer reading their *actual* altitude, but everyone has the *same* incorrect reading, so they don't hit each other.   This is why everything above 18000ft is a Flight Level, and everything below 18000ft is Altitude.
93 In the evening, there are far more particles in the air, like dust and pollen. The more particles the air contains, the more light is reflected and the warmer the light looks.    During the night, these particles tend to sink to earth, as the air is cooling and more moisture becomes available, which weighs them down. This is why morning air feels so fresh, it is cleaner and more moist.
94 There are a bunch of technologies that will continue to push performance forward for a while:   * [Asynchronous logic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asynchronous_circuit). You know how CPUs are clocked, e.g., 3 GHz (3 billion cycles/second)? Using a clock makes it much easier to synchronize and schedule the work the processor is doing. Unfortunately, the clock itself takes power and needs to get routed around the chip, and all of the work the CPU does has to get chopped up into chunks that can get done within one clock cycle. [In 1997, Intel developed an asynchronous, Pentium-compatible test chip that ran three times as fast, on half the power, as its synchronous equivalent,](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/401226/its-time-for-clockless-chips/) but didn't commercialize it because designing asynchronous logic is much harder.  * [Photonic interconnects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silicon_photonics) would eliminate the propagation delay of signals across the chip.  * Exotic semiconductors like [Gallium arsenide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gallium_arsenide#GaAs_advantages), [Carbon nanotubes](https://spectrum.ieee.org/nanoclast/semiconductors/materials/carbon-nanotubes-outperform-siliconbased-transistors-at-the-same-scale), and even [diamond](https://electronics360.globalspec.com/article/11910/high-performance-diamond-semiconductor-devices-coming-soon-akhan-s-miraj-diamond-technology-granted-key-patents-and-trademarks) can be clocked higher than silicon. Silicon has the advantage of being cheap, easy to manufacture, easy to purify, easy to manipulate with "dopants" to change its electrical properties, easy to insulate (SiO2), and being very well understood.  * Widespread use of programmable hardware (FPGAs). The CPUs we use today are general-purpose. They are optimized to handle a wide variety of tasks, but truly excel at none of them. Nowadays a computer has lots of fixed, specialized hardware that you use only some of the time to decode video, render 3d graphics, decrypt data, and so on. If instead most of a computer's hardware was reconfigurable, it's as if entirely different chips, optimized to do different functions, can be swapped in and out on the fly.
95 There's a type of bacteria that can cause them, can't remember the exact name, heliobactorpylori or some such. Otherwise excessive alcohol, coffee, energy drinks, soda etc can all cause them I believe, and can cause them to flare up.
96 Water condensates around the cold cups, vapour in air is converted to water. It does not condensate around hot cups, it is converted to vapour.
97 There's a clone stamp tool, that allows you to "clone" the background from next to the object over the place, some cleaning up and smoothing and then you have "removed" the object.
98 * **TL;DR**: Mitochondria takes the products of the breakdown of glucose to form ATP, through a complex chain of metabolic reactions.  Useful resources:  * [Crash course: ATP &amp; Respiration](https://youtu.be/00jbG_cfGuQ) * [Khan Academy: Cellular respiration](https://www.khanacademy.org/science/biology/cellular-respiration-and-fermentation)  ---  Just saying "mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell" gives you a rough idea on how the role of the mitochondria but it doesn't tell you anything about how they fulfill that role. I'll explain that.  #Metabolism and chemical reactions  The first thing to do is to explain metabolism. Metabolism as a whole is the network of chemical reactions that either (a) take a bigger molecule and break it down into smaller molecules, or (b) take smaller molecules to build a bigger molecule. These two processes provide the organism with energy and produces biochemicals that are important for the organism. [Here's a diagram to give a sense of the size and complexity of metabolism](http://biochemical-pathways.com/#/map/1). And that's just the "basic" metabolism.  Chemical reactions can be grouped into three groups: (a) the reactions that release energy (exothermic), (b) the reactions that take energy (endothermic), (c) the reactions that don't release nor take energy (isothermic). The reactions happening at the mitochondria have a little bit of both but as a whole, they release energy.  Mitochondria achieves this release of energy by breaking down a vital molecule, which is often call "metabolic energy currency". The [ATP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adenosine_triphosphate) (Adenosine TriPhosphate). As the name suggests, ATP has three pieces of phosphate (P) in its structure, here's where the most energetic process happens. When we take out one of the Ps, lots of energy is released. Think of the mitochondria as a factory where they're cycling ATP, break it down to ADP + P (Adenosine DiPhosphate + Phosphate) and then form ATP again, to break it down.  Here's the deal: Breaking down ATP to ADP liberates energy but that means the energy has to come from somewhere and, if it liberates "1 energy", wouldn't it need "1 energy" input to make the reaction happen? Yes, but the mitochondria deals with this by a pretty sophisticated chain of reactions.  #Obtaining energy from glucose  The first step in this chain of reaction is glycolysis, which supplies the mitochondria with the molecules it needs. This reaction doesn't happen inside the mitochondria, it happens in the cytosol, which is all the fluid contained within the cell. The main product of glycolysis is a molecule known as pyruvate. As shown in [this diagram](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/-X7WeHnUuuc/maxresdefault.jpg), there's a little energetic investment during this process but it will pay tremendously later on.  Pyruvate is transported into the mitochondria, where it undergoes a one-step transformation so it can enter into the [citrate cycle](https://cdn.kastatic.org/ka-perseus-images/c7052763740cb431d8e989fa55460816cc5a074c.png). Since this process is a cycle, we don't have an "end product", the important "product" are all the secondary-molecules we get in the process, [as shown here](https://cf.ppt-online.org/files1/slide/w/WeKayPZqfnJlF9RcIB2L0Qv6mYj4wCXNMbUzp7AGdr/slide-12.jpg). The ATPs produce give energy right away, but the NADHs and FADHs go to the next step in the process.  The next step is called [electron transport chain](https://www.thoughtco.com/thmb/_AYNGybasaFQQfLor0pNsYGkGLs=/768x0/filters:no_upscale\(\):max_bytes\(150000\):strip_icc\(\)/electron-transport-chain-58e3be435f9b58ef7ed96112.jpg) (ETC), which is a tremendous process which goal is to take the Hs from the NADH and FADH, pump them as H^+ to one side of the inner membrane of the mitochondria to create an [electrochemical gradient](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrochemical_gradient), which will provide the energy required to take ADP + P and make them into ATP, which is then broken down into ADP + P again.  Remember that I mentioned earlier that if we want to get "1 energy", we have to invest "1 energy"? That energy comes from the force produced by the electrochemical gradient created during the ETC. Nature loves equilibrium. Just like it happens when you make a vacuum, then open the container and air enters; or when you add a drop of dye to a glass of water and it moves slowly to dye the rest of the water; nature is always striving towards balance. The same happens if you have a membrane and two mediums in either side, one with lots of H^+ and the other with not so much. The H^+ will try to move to the other side but they can't, because there's a membrane. As a result, they will create a force that is trying to move from one side to the other, and that force is harvested by a protein in the mitochondria's membrane.  The final step in this metabolic chain is the [oxidative phosphorylation](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-2abeb218d96a8e73f7f836fa912145f7). The protein I mentioned earlier is called ATP Synthase. When the electrochemical gradient created by the ETC is enough, the ATP Synthase takes ADP + P, to form an ATP molecule. Thus, ending the process.
99 It's just a good solvent for the ink.  Different inks and materials dissolve better in some solvents than others.  Alcohol also works well :)
100 Your WiFi cache (memory) fills up, causing the cpu to spike.  Rebooting clears the cache.  Check your settings.  Your WiFi May have some advanced caching features you’re not using.
101 The first thing to understand is that a radioactive isotope is an unstable element that has too few or too many neutrons. These spontaneously undergo fission, where the nucleus falls apart. This will result in two smaller atoms, and the fission decay will cast off excess energy that was holding the original atom together - this energy is typically in the form of gamma rays, or alpha (helium) or beta (high speed electrons or positrons) particles. A fuel is considered fissile if the fission reaction casts off excess neutrons, because those neutrons, if they strike the nucleus of an adjacent, unstable atomic isotope, may cause that nucleus to undergo fission. There is an equation that predicts which isotopes are fissile, but the principle isotopes used are U-235, and Pu-239 and Pu-241.  This means you can't just make a big lump of these pure isotopes. The fission would cause the lump to sustain chain-reactions of fission, it would get hot enough to melt itself, vomit a huge amount of lethal radiation, and would fill itself with so much decay products that won't sustain fission chain reactions the weapon would become a dud. So the _configuration_ of your nuclear fuel is important.  This is where I can introduce the term critical. A sub-critical mass does not sustain chain reactions, a critical mass does sustain chain reactions, and a super-critical mass is undergoing chain reactions at an exponential rate. So how you shape your nuclear fuel is important. The implosion type weapon is the only one employed by anyone, so that is what I will describe. The ideal configuration is a hollow sphere, where the thickness of the sphere and the diameter is such that all the nuclear fuel is far enough away from each other that it doesn't go super-critical. This sphere is called the pit. To prevent the pit from going critical while the weapon is in storage, the sphere has a hole in it, and they fill it with a literal chain of neutron absorbing material.  The pit is surrounded in conventional high explosives, wedges in a shape and pattern that will remind you of a soccer ball. Actually it's more complicated than that. Immediately surrounding the sphere is fast explosives. Outside of that are slow explosive wedges that are soccer ball shaped, but domed, so now you have a ball with a bunch of bumps on it, and outside that is more fast explosive wedges that make the outside a perfect sphere again. Atop each wedge of the outer most layer is a detonator.  The detonators are all triggered within mere microseconds of each other. The fast explosives burn through, compressing the material below it. Where these shockwaves meet in the explosive material create super high pressure points, jets, and that's bad. You want perfectly uniform compression of the layers below. That's why the middle layer is a funny shape of a different material. It's meant to compensate for the explosive geometry of the layer above, because you can't have an infinite number of detonators across the outer surface. Once the shockwaves and jets have been compensated for, you go back to burning through a fast explosive layer. All this takes place in mere microseconds.  All this explosive pressure collapses the sphere, and compresses it, increasing its density by orders of magnitude. This means the neutrons from spontaneous fission are almost assuredly going to hit another nucleus. The pit goes super critical. In fractions of a second almost too small to fathom, a significant portion of the pit is turned into pure energy - light and particles. You have an atomic explosion.  Physicists added a tamper - a piece of metal between the explosive layer and the pit - between the two is an air gap - the pit is suspended by wires, or possibly some sort of polystyrene. The explosives push the tamper, which has that space to accelerate, and it slams into the pit, performing the compression in a more efficient manner, increasing the yield, because the more and longer you compress the pit, the more fissile material that undergoes fission. The tamper can be made of lead or other nuclear material. U-238 is not fissile, but it does undergo fission, and it can be bombarded by high energy "thermal" neutrons to contribute to the yield of the weapon.  A boosted weapon uses hydrogen gas to add neutrons to the hollow pit. It's injected at the last moment. Mere hundreds of neutrons from this can greatly increase yield, and makes the yield variable. They also use neutron reflecting materials as bomb housing, and that polystyrene I mentioned turns into a plasma, which is electromagnetic, and they can use that for additional compression. They also use flash tubes to generate X-rays which can also add to initial energy in the pit and cause other forms of compression. This also adds to variable yield.  You can also change the shape of the pit and the explosives, so that you can elongate the weapon into an oval, longer and thinner, to prevent critical mass and reduce the size of the weapon, so long as the explosive compression comes down to a sphere. The smallest weapon was in a cannon shell, the smallest tested was Davey Crocket, launched from a tripod.  Enter the thermo nuclear weapon. This is where you use a boosted atomic bomb above to generate compression of a second stage. The second stage looks like a bucket of paint. The housing is always made from U-238. The inside is filled with lithium. There is also a tamper. The first stage generates physical and radioactive compression. The bucket is compressed, the compression heats the lithium, causing it to fuse, which also releases energy (you can get an excess of energy out of fusion all the way up to iron, which is where the yield becomes negative - stars fuse iron for seconds before they supernova). The fusion energy releases thermal neutrons, which move at 17% the speed of light, the U-238 housing instantly flashes into fission, and you have a much higher yield in the many kiloton to megaton range.
102 With too little unemployment it would be very difficult for any business to expand through hiring, which severely limits growth.
103 Your skin is actually very good at keeping water from the outside from coming in as well as the water inside from coming out. Your sweat glands act as a one-way path for water to leave your body through the skin in attempts to cool you, and when in a hot tub, your body temperature rises, making you sweat. It's very difficult to notice the sweat due to the fact you're in water, but it causes your body to shed water over time, dehydrating you.
104 I *think* you mean quantum physics, since both "digital" and "quantum" imply dealing with discrete rather than continuous amounts. If you really meant digital physics--which is an obscure but real field of study--let us know.  Classical physics is what you normally think of: how to describe the path of a ball through the air, or the effect of a lever. It's based primarily on how things behave in everyday life, because that's all that people like Newton and Galileo had available to them when they laid its foundations.  In the late 19th century we started investigating atoms and realized that classical physics didn't work with them. An electron--the particle that carries electrical charge--doesn't behave like a ball flying through the air. For one thing, you can't pinpoint exactly where it's going to appear next. For another, unlike a ball which you can make any size you want from golf ball to beach ball, an electron can only have certain specific "sizes" (actually energy amounts, since size doesn't really make sense either for subatomic particles). So an electron can have exactly 1 unit of energy or 2 units, but never 1.5 units. This property is what gives "quantum physics" its name. All these properties of subatomic particles are actually known in classical physics, but they are properties of waves, like sound or the surface of water. That's why you'll often hear the phrase "wave-particle duality" in association with quantum physics: because quantum particles behave like both classical particles and waves.   Practically, quantum physics helps explain why atoms arrange themselves the way they do (for example, the periodic table is arranged so that each row corresponds to a maximum energy level of the electrons in the elements' atoms), which in turn explains chemistry and thermodynamics, which in turn explains most of the things we see in everyday life. That's something that classical physics was never fully able to do, which is why quantum physics replaced classical physics as the standard way we look at the world.   However, there are some drawbacks to quantum physics. For one thing, it's much more difficult to understand than classical physics, because it's based on things we can't see in everyday life. In order to really understand quantum physics you have to be able to do the math, unlike classical physics where you can use intuition to understand it. That's why we still teach classical physics in high school. For another thing, quantum physics doesn't explain the really big stuff like galaxies. For that you have to use relativity, but quantum physics and relativity don't fit nicely together. So we know that one or both of them needs to be "fixed" to work together so that we can have a single type of physics that explains everything.
105 Absolutely!  Off the easy coast of the United States is he Gulf Stream, it runs northish about 5 miles per hour.  Northbound ships will stay in the Gulf Stream while southbound ships will avoid it.
106 1) killed by acidic fluids 2) lost in flowback 3) stopped by mucus 4) attacked and absorbed by white blood cells 5) rest get attached to the lining of the oviduct, or just give out and die.  Source: https://www.google.com/amp/s/gizmodo.com/what-happens-to-sperm-once-theyre-inside-a-woman-1716992251/amp
107 Baseline (sober) feels about 30-60% of the 110% of what you feel while rolling.   Feels=everything touch and emotion especially.
108 The odds of dying overall are 100%. So if you reduce the odds of dying of one cause you necessarily increase the odds of dying of another cause.  So a person that would have died of polio or the flu instead lives long enough to fall victim to something else. Cancer (in general) is a pretty inevitable thing on the long run and one with many variations that we have yet to cure.
109 Imagine that instead of an eye you just had a flat retina exposed to the world on your face. Light from any direction would be able to fall on a given patch of your retina so it wouldn't be very useful; you couldn't tell that there is a red ball in a specific direction because light from it would be all mixed in with light bouncing off everything else.  A lens solves this problem by focusing the incoming light. In essence what it does is sort it so that only light coming in from a certain angle will exit the lens at that angle as well. Now with the retina behind the lens only the light coming from the ball will hit a given part of the retina and light from other directions won't hit that part. A useful image can be formed.  But there is another way to sort that incoming light. Suppose we put the retina into a box with only one tiny hole through which light could enter. Light tends to travel in a straight line so for any given part of the retina there is only one path to the outside world, straight through the hole. This tiny hole is sorting light much like the lens does, the smaller the hole the better the sorting effect. The cost of course is reduced intensity of the light let through because only that which passes through the hole reaches the retina, while the lens focuses over the area of the lens.  Squinting is narrowing the aperture of your eye and in so doing increasing the focusing effect.
110 All speeds are relative to something else. Earth has a speed it rotates around the sun, and similarly the sun has a speed at which it rotates around the center of our galaxy. The galaxy in turn is drifting through space relative to other galaxies.  A true, objectively correct frame of reference simply doesn't exist. However we could reasonably gauge the speed of the galaxy relative to the cosmic background radiation. Long ago near the start of our universe all space was filled with a glowing opaque plasma. As time passed the plasma cooled and the elements formed, stars were born, and so on. These days all we can see of this time is the remnants of the glow as the most distant (and due to travel time the oldest) thing we can see. Stretched by the expansion of space it is visible in the microwave frequency and we might assume that it is relatively "stationary" as everything else in the universe was formed from it.  When we look at the frequency of the background radiation we can see that we are moving at about 600 km/s.
111 Capsaicin is the compound that makes things spicy. It binds to our taste buds and causes the burning taste, it also irritates other mucosal tissues like inside your nose and throat. Well while it likes to bind to our taste buds, lactose, the protein in milk makes an even better binding point for the capsaicin. So it sticks to the dairy instead of to your taste buds etc and gets carried away instead of lingering to cause heat.
112 A childs brain is more maleable. The neural pathways are still being formed. The colors and sounds of a cartoon are easier for a kids brain to engage with as colors and sounds are some of the first neural pathways built.  Toys help kid's brains develop by channeling their energy into something constructive. By playing with toys they're developing their motor skills, practicing their imagination and building memory.
113 Have you ever sat in your car in neutral and revved the engine?  That is stress.    There are normal stresses on the engine  that driving inevitably brings.  But you can do all kinds of damage when you rev your engine unnecessarily.  It wears things down faster.  It uses more fuel.  It can affect everyone else.    Take your foot off the pedal, turn off the ignition.
114 Because generally when you drink beer it's cold, and drinking too fast and/or drinking cold stuff can irritate your esophagus and therefore cause hiccups
115 All sources of energy would pay themselves off. What increased percentage of your paycheck do you want to give to pay for it and what are you prepared to give up in order to go green. It’s more expensive, that’s the reality.  Government could help things along by taxing traditional energy sources to the point where green energy is an equivalent cost in which case more people would go green   Europeans don’t drive small cars because anyone likes driving small cars. The Government s taxes gasoline so much it costs $9 / gallon (in some places) . If gas was that price in the US, everyone would be driving small cars.  The same would be true of electricity
116 When you throw a ball, it travels in a curved path as gravity pulls it down.  The harder you throw, the farther it goes before hitting the ground.  Imagine you threw it so hard that it curved around the Earth completely and hit you in the back.  This is how the planets orbit, they're perpetually falling towards the sun but moving sideways so fast that they keep missing it.
117 A lift is a metal box, meaning when you're inside it the microwaves are reflected away by the metal, with no way in.
118 This sounds like something for r/philosophy.
119 Doing a quick Google search, the second thing popped up about the brain.  Overall, most of the cells in the caterpillar die and the contents of those cells are used to make new ones for “remodeling.” The brain is not destroyed and only a small amount of neurons (or sensory cells) die.
120 Fiddler acts as a proxy, some kind of middle-man between you and the website. When you type a URL of some website, the encrypted request is sent to Fiddler instead. Since Fiddler is a legitimate recipient of the request, it is able to decrypt it without any problems.   Then it forwards your request to the website you are trying to reach, this time acting as an originator of the request. Again, since the request is sent with Fiddler as a sender, it has no problems when it comes to decrypting a response.
121 The point of those fans isn't to blow wind on you, just to keep air flow moving at all. You don't nessisairly need to get the fresh air/heat/cold across the room right now, you just need it to get there faster than it'd naturally spread.
122 It appears that scientists do know where blue whales mate. According to a source I located, they made near the equator. During their mating ritual, they dive into the ocean, and return quickly to the surface, followed by intercourse.  Source: [http://bioweb.uwlax.edu/bio203/s2012/olson\_rile/reproduction.htm](http://bioweb.uwlax.edu/bio203/s2012/olson_rile/reproduction.htm)
123 It's a mix of plant matter and minerals (sand, rocks, etc). Lots of different organisms help break down plant matter, including fungi.  Fun fact: For several hundred million years nothing on Earth could digest cellulose, which is what trees are made of. So when trees fell, they didn't rot, they just *stayed there*. Huge swathes of the planet burned in apocalyptic forest fires fueled by millions of years worth of wood. And that's where coal comes from!
124 *what* electromagnetic waves exactly is a complicated issue, but it's essentially all waves and particles that travel along the electromagnetic field.   A super simplified version is that some things release particles, called photons. These photons are both a wave and a particle. The energy of that particle makes it vibrate at different frequencies, and this gives it slightly different properties as far as we are concerned.    Depending on the frequency of the wave we call those waves different names, most of which you might have heard before: examples of electromagnetic waves are light, X-rays, Radio-waves, Infrared radiation, Ultraviolet radiation, microwaves and Gamma-rays.  These are all the same thing. Light and radio waves are both electromagnetic waves, except light has a higher frequency.    It's pretty obvious how electromagnetic waves are used in daily life: when you turn on a light bulb you're generating them to see. When you use a microwave you use them to heat your food. Your mobile phone works with radio waves (more specifically radio waves that fall in the WIFI spectrum), your remote probably uses infrared, heat commonly travels as infrared, the sun does nothing if not blasting us with the entire spectrum of electromagnetic waves.
125 I'd be careful about the wording? The general gist I have is that nothing geological serves a function per se - rather life adapts around whatever is present. So, desert wasn't created to serve a purpose or anything, it just sort of happened because of lack of water among other factors. Then life, as it always does, found a way to incorporate  deserts. You could thus argue that if deserts were lost, all the life-forms adapted to live in them would die.
126 It is not possible to cure most overdoses, including opioid overdoses. The best thing you can do is to manage the symptoms until the body have broken down the substances enough to reach safe levels. With opioid overdose you can give multiple narcan doses. The issue is that narcan is broken down in the body much faster then opium and its effects therefore lasts much shorter. If you give a patient narcan they will be cured of the effects of the overdose but the opium is still in their body and the narcan will soon wear off and they need another dose. If narcan is unavailable you can also treat the other symptoms of the overdose. This will not prevent the effects of the drug but will delay death until the body have broken down the drug and the overdose is past.
127 Yes, it is only one atmosphere. Of course that is 14.6 psi which isn't trivial, but the chaos of movies is of course movie magic. Another huge problem with movies is the volume of air assumed to be rushing out of the breach in the ship. For the howling wind they propose it would require a massive volume of pressurized space ship to maintain.
128 The chance that there are species hidden away in the deepest parts of the ocean, like the Marianas Trench, is highly likely. Creatures that live at such depths do not leave discoverable fossils, and are largely unaffected by global changes and may not have changed for millions of years.  It depends on what you mean by "large", though. Deep sea creatures are subjected to extreme pressures, and in order to cope with that, are often rather small.
129 Technically, it’s possible for a company to get away with this, just like incorrectly filing taxes. If audited by the Government Accountability Office, there would be consequences. Labels are allowed a 20% margin of error, too.
130 There are a very large number of visible colors. Printers try to replicate these real life colors by using varying amounts of different color ink. Since a printer cant store a different ink for each color it might ever try to print, it has to mix the colors it has by spraying tiny dots of color on the paper in varying amounts to fool our eyes.   Since a scanner can see way more colors than ink we can store, any small varyiation in color of the paper, ink, even a reflection from the light in the scanner, can be seen. To reproduce them it tries its best to get as close as it can by using all different colored inks available. When you scan in grayscale mode it simply limits its options to recreate what it can see to only black or white. It still tries its best to recreate what its eye sees, but has fewet tools to do so.
131 Think of it as a ladder where every rung is a step to build or sell something. Vertical integration is if I were to control all of those steps so that I could make the process and price of the ladder exactly what I want it to be.   It's an effective way of getting rid of the competition, by controlling every step of the process a company can set prices their competitors can't match, horizontal integration on the other hand would be getting rid of competition by just buying the competition.
132 Not sure everyone does do that, but the people who are doing that probably ate food with a lot of sodium.
133 **WiFi Positioning System**  Devices that don't have GPS use the WiFi networks around them to figure it out. There's a certain amount of data you can get from each WiFi network without actually being connected to it. Take that information from each WiFi point the iPad can see, and compare it against databases online. The database responds with your most likely location given the WiFi networks nearby, and the signal strength of each one.  **Even still, how do those databases know where the WiFi** **networks are?**  The databases get maintained by other devices that *do* have GPS, so they can use current GPS data and upload the same WiFi information about network it sees around it. [There are also cars that drive around doing this.](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2010/may/15/google-admits-storing-private-data)  **Cool! Where can I see an example of all this?**   [https://wigle.net/](https://wigle.net/)  Zoom in on the map and it shows the names of all the WiFi networks. This is just one database of many.
134 Like most personal protection it's designed to spread out or block forces that would affect you.  A bomb injures in two stages the first stage is a blast wave of high pressure air that slams you like say a concrete wall. This can lead to bruising, inner bleeding, broken bones, ruptured organs.  The next step is fragmentation, parts of the bomb or specially designed fragments fly in that air blast and pierce you like mini bullets.   So a bomb suit does two things, softens the initial bomb blast and provides a physical barrier with Kevlar+metal against shrapnel.   So the helmet and lower part cushion your head and spine. The whole suit is made out of foam+Kevlar+plastics+strategically placed armor.   It's also very fire resistant and there is huge downside it's heavy as hell. These things can go upwards of 40kg... they're also incredibly insulating so that means they get incredibly hot on the inside.  Now not this, bombs are actually horrible weapons. Notice how terrorist in recent years adopted guns and truck and other things. The thing with bombs is they're omni-directional and they get blocked easily. So if you go with a suicide vest into a huge crowd you won't actually kill all that many people. The two people closes to you will die for sure, but their mass well bodies will stop the vast majority of the blast wave and fragmentation. Bombs are more weapons of terror then actual effective killing tools.   Minefields are a good example. They're more an ambush prevention tool and a tactical roadblock then a killing weapon. They work by making an area uncertain, if you actually knew the scope of a mine field you could send heavy animals, drones, anti mine vehicles, prisoners whatever in a straight line to clear in pretty fast.   A single hand gun can kill way more people then a single bomb of even 100 times size of the handgun.  Bombs/Granades are incredibly unimpressive in an open field incredibly ineffective as most of them work via small caliber fragmentation and most well equipped troops wear protective gear against small arms anyways. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfPP5Smif8U  Even mortars are quite ineffective on open grounds and are best used against entrenched positions where the enemy can get a concentrated blast since scoring direct hit on a moving target is night impossible. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44SycBxAEPE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v772NNOTY8M
135 Because browsers manage those files (they are called 'cache') and deletes them as needed. If you would set it up to never delete them at all, it would surely take up more and more space. Even then, most browsers don't keep large files in cache, mostly just website images and building blocks and those don't take up nearly as much space as you think they do.
136 “Rooting” a cellphone means gaining access to the root-level commands in the phone's OS (most likely a version of Android). This is useful for things like installing apps to modify system performance and capabilities, or even installing modified versions of the operating system that can do things not found in the factory-installed software.
137 Most of these answers assume that fast food manufacturers are putting preservatives in their beef.  They probably are not.  McDonald's for example, freezes most of their beef or at least they did when I worked there.  Their beef probably has more fillers but that is not exactly unhealthy, just not digestible.  The bun on a McDonald's burger though is filled with preservatives and more sugar than normal to make it sweeter.  As someone else said, the other stuff you get with it makes it much worse.  If you were to order a plain burger with no bun (keto diet for example) it would not really be any worse than what you make at home.
138 Local anesthetic is usually combined with epinephrine which is a vasoconstrictor, which causes reduced blood flow in the area of the injection. This has two effects: it helps to keep the anesthetic near the injection site; and it helps to reduce bleeding.
139 * Blood vessels near the surface of an organism widen ('dilate') in hot temperatures  * Wider blood vessels near the surface allows more blood to flow near the surface * Hotter blood from deep inside the body is moved to the surface where the heat then moves out of the body * This allows the body to increase the amount of heat it looses, preventing it from getting too hot from the heat generated inside it
140 Simply put, there's a series of inflatable chambers around the urine hose from the bladder. When flaccid, these chambers are empty, which allows pee to flow through the hose easily. The erection happens because those chambers are filled with blood. And that pressure squeezes down on the hose making it very difficult to pass pee through. A much greater pressure than normal must build up to squeeze through.
141 Social media and seeing what other people have or appear to have and we feel like we haven’t accomplished anything with all we’ve done compared to these people
142 When you spin, blood pools in your extremities due to centrifugal force. As a result, less blood reaches your brain, resulting in some visual side-effects such as imagined white stars.
143 I think it's instinct.  I found a litter of wild puppies on my ranch. I've been trying to tame them. It's taken me a few weeks.  There are now only six pups, Spanto the biggest one is the leader. Whatever food there is, he eats first, he leaves the leftovers to the others. He doesn't take crap from the others, he's in charge and will attack the others to keep them in line.  I've been observing them for a while and as an outsider was quickly challenged by Spanto. Even though they fight amongst themselves they lined up behind Spanto as their leader.  My aim is to take over this pack "nation" and have been giving them food and water. They have slowly learned that I am not going to harm them so they now don't run away. Eventually I will be the leader of this pack just because I feed them and am stronger than them.  Nationhood is something like this.
144 It depends on what frequency you choose.  Unless you stay in the [Water Hole](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_hole_\(radio\) ) you only see an opaque ball.  There is also a narrow optical band where you can sometimes see some of the surface, but that's not a radio telescope.  In the Water Hole (between 1.42 and 1.67 GHz), you don't see much unless something happens to be pointed at you having just passed some satellite.  Then you'd see highly structured data, in a short burst before the planetary rotation sweeps the signal off you.  It would be an indicator of technology, but it wouldn't tell you much in that short burst, without any context.  Just enough that you'd mark the place "inhabited" on your species' star charts and go someplace else with your interstellar spaceship.
145 It is simply that toothpaste contains a small amount of abrasive. It's meant to rub micro gunk off your teeth, like sandpaper would, but it can also rub off the edges of scratches, making them much less visible.
146 Drawing a human isn't exactly easy.  Sometimes the arms are too long, or the legs are too short.    The Vitruvian Man is intended to depict an ideal male body, and demonstrates the proportions.  It doesn't really 'prove' anything.  It is a demonstration of artistic technique and planning.  For example:  For example, if someone's head is large compared to the rest of their body, it gives the impression that the figure as a whole is shorter than average.  A normal woman is likely 5/6 body and 1/6 head.  A normal man is 6/7 body and 1/7 head.  The Vitruvian Man is rather tall and muscular, with 7/8 body and 1/8 head.  Art students are taught that the 7/8-to-1/8 ratio is the masculine ideal, and these are the proportions people use for drawing handsome models and superheros.
147 &gt; These electric and magnetic fields must be different than what I normally think of, because radio waves are not magnetic, nor do they shock me.  They are magnetic, and they can cause shocks!  The classic [split grape in a microwave](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/scientists-have-finally-figured-out-why-microwaved-grapes-send-sparks-flying-180971539/) experiment shows electrical sparks created by microwaves, and a [Tesla coil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla_coil) is basically a radio wave transmitter generator that creates gigantic sparks.  The electric fields in a wave usually oscillate too quickly for your nervous system to react to, so they don't cause muscle spasms or pain, but there's really no difference in the fields themselves.
148 
149 Blood circulates closer to the skin when you are hot and promotes sweating. With high humidity it's hard for the sweat to evaporate, so you don't cool as efficiency.
150 On a related note, bit-rate can make a difference as well. In my experience, a low resolution film with low bit-rate "looks better" than a high resolution film with low bit-rate. I'm not sure if this is true though - so if someone who actually knows their shit can correct me, please do!
151 A lot of the microorganisms in our bodies are harmless and even beneficial. Their population crowds out the harmful ones - either by producing chemicals that fight off the bad ones or eating their food.
152 They don't necessarily communicate to each other, it's more.of communal voting on where to go. There is some research to suggest the faster birds to lead more often, even if they don't rank high in the pecking order.  They tend to stay in the flock because there is safety in numbers. It's easy for a hawk to pick off a solo bird, in a flock it's multiple eyes watching, and in a group the weaker or slower ones are hidden.
153 Hot water and cold water have different densities. Liquids of different densities reflect light differently, which makes them visibly separated when mixed. The swirls go away when the mixture reaches equilibrium
154 It means that from 300,000 years ago until 30,000 years ago.  So from (rounding for ease)  298,000 BC to 28,000BC in your example.
155 Say, you have a small business that does birthday parties, weddings and such. Your clients give you lists of party guests and it's your job to send an invitation to every guest. You can do this manually:  1. Design a template for the invitation card, using a special design program. Let's call it `EasyCard` 1. For every address on the list:    1. Copy address from list    1. Paste address into template    1. Print invitation card  OK. That kind of works. But you do this day in day out. A bit tedious, isn't it? Let's automate some of this! Thankfully, `EasyCard` has an Application Programming Interface (API). Other programs can talk to `EasyCard` through the API and make it do things. You write a small script that uses the `EasyCard` API:  _Pseudocode example 1:_      10 READ NEXT $address FROM $guest_list     20 EASYCARD.OPEN $template     30 EASYCARD.REPLACE "placeholder" $address     40 EASYCARD.PRINT     50 GOTO 10  Nice. See how the API is so convenient to use. If only every program offered one! Sadly, many don't. If you'r script needs to talk to a program that doesn't offer an API, you need a crutch. It's going to be much less convenient, but it will get the job done.  Let's try the scenario above again. But this time `EasyCard` doesn't provide an API. That's where UIA comes in. Instead of calling an API, our script "clicks" the menues and buttons of `EasyCard` just like a human user would. The name "User Interface Automation" refers to the fact, that we "automate" user interface interactions:  _Pseudocode example 2:_      10 READ NEXT $address FROM $guest_list     20 UIA.CLICK_MENU "File"     30 UIA.CLICK_MENU "Open"     40 UIA.ENTER_FILENAME $template     50 UIA.CLICK_BUTTON "Open"     60 UIA.CLICK_MENU "Edit"     70 UIA.CLICK_MENU "Search &amp; Replace"     80 UIA.TYPE "placeholder"     90 UIA.TYPE tab     100 UIA.TYPE $address     110 UIA.CLICK_BUTTON "Replace"     120 UIA.CLICK_MENU "File"     130 UIA.CLICK_MENU "Print"     140 GOTO 10  UIA is a feature built into Windows, not into the individual programs. That means, every program that uses standard Windows UI components "inherits" those capabilities and can be automated in this fashion.
156 Limitations are around skills for each worker, work organization, available space.   The more people you add, the more people you need to manage.   At one point, way before 60, the effort to manage these people will be superior to the initial work intended.   [edit for clarity]
157 When you feel under threat, your body produces hormones called 'adrenaline' and 'cortisol.'    Adrenaline boosts your heart rate, elevates blood pressure, and boosts energy.  Cortisol, on the other hand, boosts your blood sugar but also suppresses non-essential functions like digestion, reproduction, and growth.  It also alters your brain chemistry to regulate your mood.  In short doses, this is perfectly fine.  If you are caught in a storm (for example) it is very important to have the extra energy to make it to shelter and then recover your health.  The problem is what happens when people are always stressed out (eg from work, or abuse, or crime).  When you can't escape a bad situation, your brain just keeps producing cortisol.    So for example:  Imagine your boss is a jerk, and you can't keep up with your work, and you are afraid of losing your job.  Every single day, your brain is injecting cortisol into your body.  Then at night, when you dread going to work the next day, you get even more cortisol.    This constant drip of cortisol has long-term negative health effects.  Your body is being primed for a 'fight' but it is never allowed to relax.  This can lead to depression, anxiety, digestive problems, sleep problems, headaches, heart disease, and difficulty concentrating.    Here's where it get REALLY weird:  People in traditional (ie 'tribal' or primitive societies) don't have these problems.  You're probably thinking, "WTF?"  They're at risk for starvation, surrounded by lions and snakes, have limited medicine and shelter....  So what gives?  They only encounter danger infrequently, and when the danger passes their stress levels decline.  They also live in communities composed of their extended families, where everyone is supportive.  By comparison, a 'modern' (eg Western) human likely lives in a small family unit, surrounded by strangers, with limited support.  Our stressors (financial, work, school, abuse) can last for literally years or decades at a time.  Modern humans often live in a state of perpetual insecurity with minimal assistance, and this has drastic consequences for their health.
158 Sexual reproduction has several inherent advantages as well as disadvantages.  On the pro side, being diploid with two copies of your genome makes it possible to ignore recessive mutations that might be fatal in a haploid individual.  However, the largest benefit of sex comes from the ability to shuffle different combinations of genes around.  Consider [this often reproduced figure](https://www.webmedcentral.com/articlefiles/5a47019664dcf67d75a2ce83b58b9b12.png) and an associated analogy: imagine two populations of organisms, one asexual and one with sexual reproduction, colonizing a new environment.  In both cases, there are three mutations which can occur which would increase fitness in the new environment, represented by the capital A, B, and C.  In the asexual population, all three of these mutations have to happen one by one in the same lineage, which takes quite a while.  In contrast, in the sexually reproducing population, these mutations can arise independently but still end up together in the same individual thanks to recombination.  So in general, sexual reproduction gives the capacity to adapt more quickly to changes by grouping together multiple useful alleles.  Note that the actual mutation rate isn't any different here, just the fact that mutations can be moved around, which is impossible in asexual populations.  However, sexual reproduction is not without significant costs too.  Obviously, unless you're just a coral or something that [releases your gametes](https://www.diveplanit.com/dpcontent/uploads/2014/03/AAA_8225-sm.jpg) to float away, there is the added difficulty of having to find and mate with another member of your species (as well as the risk of disease transmission during the act).  But there are more fundamental costs of sex as well, like the fact that by mating with another individual, you're only passing on half of your DNA to the next generation (which will be further diluted down over time), as opposed to 100% as in asexuals.  And finally, there is the "two-fold cost" of sex as described by John Maynard Smith, which explains that since most sexually reproducing organisms have females which actually make offspring, and males which do not directly reproduce, populations are unable to grow as quickly as in asexual species, where all individuals are female and capable of reproducing independently.  See [this diagram](https://amarcobio.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/twofold_cost.png), and extrapolate in your mind for several more generations, and you'll see how this can lead to asexual populations outcompeting sexual ones under the right circumstances.  Since we have now established the benefits and costs of sex, it is possible to make some more general predictions about when sex is favourable and when it isn't, and we can make a broad statement like the following:  &gt;Sexual reproduction is beneficial in surviving rapidly changing environments or in colonizing new environments, since it allows beneficial mutations to be accumulated together quickly, while asexual reproduction is beneficial in constant, unchanging environments, since it allows for faster population growth and exploitation of resources.  An excellent example of this is species like aphids, which can [reproduce both sexually and asexually](http://www.ludwigsroses.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Aphid-Lifecycle.jpg).  Basically, when an aphid finds itself on a new plant, it reproduces asexually to spread as quickly as possible, much faster than a sexual organism could.  But then, at certain times of year, sexual reproduction occurs to allow individuals to spread to other plants, or to prepare for the winter.  I'll finish off by introducing one of the most widely accepted theories behind the evolution of sex, known as the ["Red Queen" hypothesis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Queen_hypothesis).  This basically states that, even though a population's external environment may appear relatively constant and unchanging (which would favour asexual reproduction), there is always internal fluctuation and cycling at the less visible level of [interactions with pathogens and parasites](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Keith_Clay/publication/7570840/figure/fig1/AS:277867708600344@1443260232737/Cycling-of-parasite-and-host-allele-frequencies-according-to-the-Red-Queen-Hypothesis.png).  The name of this idea comes from the Red Queen of "Alice in Wonderland" fame, and her quote that "it takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place".  The point being that, since pathogens often reproduce much more quickly than their hosts, they are able to adapt to their hosts much faster, and so sexual reproduction is a way to counter this by spreading resistance to diseases among a population more rapidly as they arise.  A good real world example that supports this idea comes from [snail populations](https://now.uiowa.edu/2014/05/researchers-test-whether-red-queen-hypothesis-makes-species-resilient) that are capable of either sexual or asexual reproduction (unlike in aphids though, the two modes of reproduction optional, rather than essential parts of the life cycle).  It's been shown that the [frequency of males varies](https://images.slideplayer.com/11/3249130/slides/slide_20.jpg) in different places, and that males are [correlated with parasite infection frequency](https://player.slideplayer.com/11/3249130/data/images/img20.jpg).  So, at both the behavioural level and the population level, these snails indicate that sexual reproduction is a useful strategy to gain an advantage over parasites (or at least, to not die from them).  Edit: I realize I forgot to address part of your question, but this is already pretty long so I'll make it quick.  I just wanted to note that sexual reproduction first evolved long before multicellularity in early eukaryotes (probably well [over a billion years ago](https://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/bangiomorpha-fossil-sex-1.4314204)), and is still present today in many single-celled species.  So sperm and eggs are not inherent to the process of sexual reproduction, and would not have appeared as we know them until later.  In fact, many species, especially fungi, just use [gametes of equal size](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Isogamy.svg/800px-Isogamy.svg.png) and do not have distinct sexes.
159 An optical mouse has a camera underneath it. The camera constantly takes pictures of the surface beneath it, compares that picture the one it took a fraction of a second before, and from that determines how the mouse has moved.  This camera takes highly magnified images of the desk surface, and, because of this, has a very short focal depth. If you lift the mouse a tiny distance from the surface, the images are now hopelessly blurred, all the images look the same, and it can't detect the movement.
160 Diabetes makes it so that the smallest blood vessels in your body "break" due to a change in their walls. The smallest arteries in the body are located in the distal limbs (legs, feet) and in the eyes. When the vessels break, these tissues don't receive enough blood to work properly, thus they begin to underperform. With limbs, the first thing to go is sensitivity, which is why some diabetic patients have injuries on their feet they don't notice until they are infected and their shoes won't fit. With the eyes, eyesight starts deteriorating until you become blind due to a lack of blood supply. Limb amputation follows the same principle, you either lose enough blood flow that your foot dies, or you get a really bad infection that completely destroys your foot tissues (fungical infections can do this).  Nevertheless, both of these complications come after 15+ years of unregulated diabetes, statistically speaking. A patient with an early diagnosis and a correct treatment won't ever have to through it.
161 Sorta-kinda; they can become predisposed to it via antibodies, but the actual training of the immune system happens after birth.  Babies whose immune systems kick in too early sadly often end up stillborn, but this is rare.  Remember that an allergic reaction happens during second exposure to a protein; since the baby won’t be exposed to external proteins in utero, it will have nothing to react to.
162 They will typically go with the findings of the police report, and if one is ruled at fault that person's insurance carrier pays the other one. It's probably incredibly rare for them to get into litigation, since they've all seen everything before, next time around it might be the other company's policy holder at fault, etc. I've had 3 major accidents where the other driver was at fault and went through my insurance, and in two cased the other carrier just paid the claim amounts my insurance submitted. In the other, we both had the same insurance company.
163 If it was your property you'd have an argument that altering it would be OK. Since that would be bad, they make sure there's no Grey area for altering it.  Also, you didn't pay for it. You paid for people to process information for you.
164 SD Cards uses flash storage which didn't exist in a viable form back when cartridges where still being used. There were EPROMs and similar erasable rom technology but those tended to be very expensive and had limited rewrites.   The most viable and cost effective method was to have some low power DRAM with a battery to keep it running. Even early PDAs and small computing devices (like the Palm and Psion) used battery backed RAM rather than truly permanent storage for their file systems.
165 
166 It's like blowing up a balloon.  The more air (food) in it, the more it stretches to accommodate.  And like the elastic on your pants, the more you stretch it, it will rupture at some point or not return to its original size.  &amp;#x200B;  The thing with starvation is called refeeding syndrome.  When you are starving your electrolytes and fluids get out of whack and if you try to bring them back to normal too quickly, these things can change back to normal too quickly and cause a lot of problems.
167 It depends  on the thickness  of the glass and if it is tempered  or not. Temperd glass is a bit tougher to break.But when it does it breaks into small little squares. Instead of big shards of glass that are in the shape of a point. It also depends on the width and the way it is flexed. A small square little piece will not bend while a long rectangular  piece  will bend a lot more than you would imagine. 1/16 in. Glass will bend a lot more than 1/8 in. Glass. Anything  after that thickness is the issue. 
168 Gamma rays are a pain in the ass to work with.  You can only generate them from a hard radiation source and good luck concentrating them or focusing them in any specific direction.  You need about 1.5 feet of lead around your source to keep the gamma rays from spewing out in every direction  X-rays have been used to analyze crystal structures, they are far easier to work with than Gamma rays; but we tend to stick with lower energy with wavelengths in the 0.1 nm range so you're not going to be able to image anything below 0.1 nm, and will have a real resolution higher than that  An electron microscope will give you ~0.05 nm of resolution in a fairly easy to work with package without huge quantities of radiation shielding and just a thirst for liquid nitrogen refills.
169 Yes. Yes they can.  The coding for your entire bodies DNA exists in a single cell, so that information is already stored.  Even if the person had a malformation before birth and was born without legs, that person still has “leg structure DNA” in their coding and, assuming the malformation doesn’t occur again, their children would have normal, perfectly functional legs.  You do not so much “lose DNA” when you lose body parts.
170 Well seeing as how humans are mammals. And mammals are animals. And we have have one.   Yes other animals do too
171 No. Comas are when peoples brains are working at their minimum. You can wake a person up with narcolepsy, you cannot do that for a coma. 
172 Geodes *are* the hollows. A geode is like cutting the hole out of a donut. Lets take for example a volcanic geode. Some volcanic rock has natural holes in it (pahoehoe lava for example, or pumice). Some have quite large holes rather than little small ones. Water can leak through the cracks in rocks and precipitate tiny particles inside the holes in the rock. First, this forms a hollow, hard shell. Then as more particles precipitate out of the water, they form the crystals. Getting big crystals is pretty rare, and requires a lot of water and a very slow precipitation rate. Chip away the softer rock surrounding that hard shell, and you have your geode. The outside of the geode is that hard shell.   Geodes can also form in hollow areas of dirt, such as those created by the roots of trees.   You can also have so much precipitation that the entire geode fills up with crystal, leaving no hollow at all. That's then called a nodule. 
173 Take a representative template DNA sequence:  (primer sequence)-ATGC  The primer sequence is not determined by this method.   You extend the primer based on the sequence of the template. Bases are incorporated based on the template (i.e., A, T, G, and C).   You add to the mixture mostly normal A/T/G/C. But you also add a very small number of labeled A, labeled T, labeled G, and labeled C.   The extension occurs and will usually incorporate normal A/T/G/C, but will rarely incorporate one of the labeled bases at the position of A, T, G, or C. The labeled bases also terminate the reaction.   Thus, you get a small number of each of the following molecules:  (primer sequence)(labeled T)  (primer sequence)(normal T)(labeled A)  (primer sequence)(normal T)(normal A)(labeled C)  (primer sequence)(normal T)(normal A)(normal C)(labeled G)  when you separate these by size you get a chromatograph with the following output:  Size 1: T  Size 2: A  Size 3: C  Size 4: G  You've thus sequenced the original template (ATGC)
174 All land was claimed.   The government owned it but would sell it or give it away for use.   To get the railroad built the government gave away half the land next to the rails to the company that built the tracks.   Farmers could get land.   Miners could get land.   You could just squat on land, but in a town you would have to buy or lease the land or get permission.   Usually someone would claim land at a water source and then sell land to others to build in the town.   Most of the west was close to a desert and control of water was what really mattered
175 Sea-going civilizations have a good deal of knowledge of the surrounding area from their fishing activities.  Beyond this, cloud formation and tidal patterns can give you clues about islands long before you can see the actual island.  However, the most likely method for groups like Polynesians would have been simply following birds. Migratory birds "island hop", so all you need to do is know the difference between various kinds of birds and follow the right ones.
176 The main supply lines are underground below what is known as the frost line, below which, temperatures don't go below freezing even in the thick of winter. you can look up a map of frost lines. (additional fact: while underground, it also doesn't heat up as much as at surface level during summer. look up ground coupled heat exchangers)  Depending on where you live the frost line can be 6-8ft deep for areas like Ontario, a couple feet for areas like Ohio and zero for the warmer places like Orlando (no freezing risk basically). So it depends on how cold the area gets.   Once the supply comes out of the ground it's up to your home's heating, insulation and building codes.
177 Acupuncture is based on the belief that there are energy lines, "meridians", in your body. If these lines are in any way disturbed or blocked, putting needles in specific spots is supposed to fix that.  Don't expect there to be much logic to it, it's pseudoscience and has never been scientifically proven to work as claimed.
178 One problem is that the dam floods the valley behind it, turning it into a lake. This kills virtually everything that was previously growing in the valley.
179 They might decide to change the media, or not create or finish it. Then you would have mad consumers that might not buy, see or play your next title.  For example Everquest next. Sony entertainment game division was bought by Daybreak games and they(Daybreak) cancelled the game.
180 You could look at things like tons CO2, particulates, heavy metals, on-job injuries, etc per kw-hr after doing a full lifecycle analysis (mining of raw materials, manufacturing of the power plant, all the above with the fuel itself, and decommissioning costs).
181 Sodium given as a part of sodium chloride.
182 Because your intestine is constantly squeezing in a process called peristalsis which moves the food along. Thus every time it squeezes you end up in pain and whilst relaxed there isn't any.
183 Misread your question the first time. Whoops.  I think what you're asking about is sound symbolism, which is the idea that certain sounds and types of sounds have abstract qualities associated with them by virtue of how they're made and what they sound like, and that these abstract associations are true across different languages\*.  The famous example is [this picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e7/Booba-Kiki.svg/250px-Booba-Kiki.svg.png): one of them is "bouba", the other one is "kiki". Which is which? Obviously, the blobby one is "bouba", and the sharp one is "kiki". But why?   It's probably because of the nature of the sounds in those words: the rounded "ou" (that is, made with lip rounding) and the voiced/bilabial "b" (i.e. made with vocal-fold vibration, using both lips) contribute to a sense of "blobbiness", whereas the voiceless sound of the "k" (no vocal fold vibration) and the unroundedness of the "i" contribute to a "sharp" sound.  That's just one example, though, and probably the best one. Others are more tenuous. And some are purely language-specific. Words in English starting with "GL", for instance, mostly have something to do with light (glow, glimmer, glare, glint, glisten, glitter, etc.), but that doesn't necessarily hold for other languages.  &amp;#x200B;  \*whether or not that's true, and to what extent, is a good question that definitely does not have a single answer.
184 [Timeline of the erosion](https://imgur.com/vNGO8Sv) (Not Updated for 2019 but it's good enough)    &amp;#x200B;  as you can see it takes a really long time when you measure it using the human perspective. It may seem really long for us but in a geological time scale, a hundred, fifty, or twenty years is but a fraction of a second in the Earth's history.
185 An array is merely a set of places to store independent pieces of data. While there is ultimately an order to the array in terms of how it is stored in memory, this order is not necessarily relevant.  A graph is data along with a list of edges that tell you what paths through the data set are possible.  Consider the classic children's game where you name a country and then someone else has to name a country that begins with the last letter of the country you named. So if I named "Egypt", you might name "Tanzania" to which I might respond "Afghanistan" to which you might respond "Norway"... and so forth.  If you were drawing up a master strategy guide for this game, you'd create a graph. You'd have a list of all the countries in the world and  then for each you'd have a list of possible (directed, in this case) paths to another country name.  For example, the directed (one direction only) edges from Egypt would be Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Tuvalu (all the nations that start with 'T'). Each of those nations would have their own set of edges.  In terms of building a graph using an array, you can do it in a variety of ways. The most generic would simply be to have an NxN array (where N = number of elements in your data set) with 'true' or 'false' in each entry to reflect whether a path was possible or not. There are more efficient ways to do this, depending on the structure of your graph. For example, if you have an undirected (every path is two-way) graph, then you only need about half the entries (since you know that if you can get from A to B, you can also get from B to A). If you know your graph is sparse (very few edges in comparison to elements), then you can store the edges as a one-dimensional array that simply lists all legal paths. And so forth.
186 &gt; But anyone could take a singular piano loop and apply different percussion instruments behind it and label it as a different genre.   That's actually what happens.
187 AC uses power. So when you turn it on, your engine now has more work to do. This reduces the amount of power available to accelerate your car.
188 My understanding is that it's a combination of two hereditary factors. The first is a general propensity to get addicted to rewarding stimuli. That is, if your parents or grandparents had problems with addiction then you are more likely also to develop an addiction (even if you weren't raised by these people, i.e. it's not all nurture), but you won't necessarily get addicted to the *same* substance or behavior. Alcohol happens to be a very common addictive stimulus in many cultures though, so even in families with only this "addiction gene" (simplifying greatly here) there may be high rates specifically of alcoholism.   Secondly, there may be some hereditary differences in the effects of alcohol in people's bodies. For instance, alcohol dehydrogenase is an enzyme that breaks down alcohol into other products. There is some genetic variation in the effectiveness or activity of this enzyme, causing some people to metabolize alcohol more quickly. These people will feel less of the immediate effects of alcohol (including its pleasurable sensations), but still get the same hangover afterwards because that's caused by the waste products that the alcohol is turned into. So these people don't enjoy alcohol as much, and therefore are less likely to get addicted to it.   So alcoholism is most likely in those with a (hereditary) propensity for addiction and a (hereditary) high enjoyment of alcohol.
189 Yes it's possible and it has been done, activists have also tried dying the horns to ruin the ivory. Poachers will kill them anyways to avoid tracking them again and wasting their time :// possibly out of spite too
190 We automated the operator.   A phone number has information that directs how it is to be routed to get to someone. So we will use the tv phone number of all 5s. The number to Jim Bob is 1-555-555-5555. The first 1 is the national code for the USA and if you are physically within the USA it is not always needed. The next 3 numbers is the Area Code and it sends you to a specific region of the US. The next 3 numbers are the Local code and it sends you to a specific city or part of a city. The final 4 numbers are the specific number assigned to Jim Bob.   In early days of phones each of these connection steps (National, Area, Local, Specific) were changed by hand by physically moving cables on a switch board. We then developed permanent connections that could be switched between by the operator pressing buttons and switches. Now that nothing has to be physically moved it was simply a matter of time before a computer is controlling those "buttons and switches" electronically and automatically when you place the call. 
191 Say you got a bunch of people copying books.   You made a mistake on the 24,344th word where you misspelled "success" as "sucess".   However people who are copying you kept copying.   They all spelled the 24,344th word as "sucess"    Thus if you open up a book and look at the 24,344th word, if they spelled it "sucess" you know they copied you or someone else who also copied you.      DNA is a series of letters, we can group these into words.   We track ancestry by looking for misspellings, we call them Genetic markers. The act of misspelling them is called Mutation.        23 and Me/Ancestry.com however take this concept and runs with it until it is no longer science. They say, a lot of people living in x have this misspelling, so if you have this misspelling, you must be from x.    That's the step where it's no longer real science.  
192 
193 There's a peice of metal inside the scale that gets squeezed when you put weight on it. When the metal gets squeezed, its electrical resistance changes in a predictable way. So, by measuring the electrical resistance of the metal, the scale can determine the amount of weight. This is called a strain gauge.
194 Limbs can be reattached, depending on the amount and type of damage. If a limb is crushed or mangled, chances are it can't be reattached, but if there's a clean separation it might be possible. 
195 Also, I've heard that the auditory hallucinations characteristic of schizophrenia sounds like other people's voices, not the kind of internal brain voice we use when we're thinking or reading, etc.
196 Centrifuges separate stuff into layers by spinning it so the heavy parts go to the bottom. Usually you do this so you can take part of it and analyse just that part.    Ultracentrifugation is the same thing but *really* fast and this allows them to separate much smaller particles of a sample.    Analytical centrifugation is the use of centrifuges to do the analysis instead of just separating out part of a sample to analyse using a different technique.  Sedimentation Analytical Ultracentrifugation is where the distance the particles have travelled to make different layers of sediment is how you analyse them.    Velocity Sedimentation Analytical Ultracentrifugation is where you watch the movement of the particles as they separate out to make your analysis.
197 Thread count refers to the number of horizontal and vertical threads per square inch. Generally, the higher the thread count, the softer the sheet, and the more likely it will wear well-or even get softer over time.   The logic behind why a higher thread count is better makes sense: all things being equal, higher thread counts require finer threads (the better to fit into a square inch), and the finer the threads you use, the softer, smoother, and more tightly woven (and thus, stronger) the fabric should be.   But be careful, because when you use multi-ply threads of lower-grade, shorter-staple cotton fibers twisted together, you get not only false strength but a rough, coarse feel (because the fibers tend to poke out of the weave) and less durability. When you look at it that way, a 400-thread-count sheet is a much better product than a 1,000-thread-count one.
198 Essentially it is the polyphenols mainly being catechins, flavonols, flavanols, flavones, anthocyanins, proanthocyanidins and phenolic acids.  It is believed that these compounds bind to the iron and can make it significantly more difficult for the body to absorb the iron.   The good thing about this is that it seems to be heavily dosing and dietary dependent.  So basically if you eat red meat and drink either coffee or tea with it it can inhibit large quantities of the iron you would get form the meal.   On the plus side things like ascorbic acid and ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid can be taken make iron more bioavailable in the presence of these polyphenols.
199 Sometimes we cant. This then causes a sleep paralysis. Very scary stuff. Have been through 2 of them. You can google it if you want. 
200 It saves them money.  Printing and mailing invoices is expensive and with today's technology it's a completely avoidable expense if you can convince your consumer base to agree to it.  Large companies with lots of consumers who need invoices 12 times a year are the most motivated to phase them out. 
201 No they are naturally caffeinated. There are four different ways to decaffeinate a drink.   Methylene chloride processing - the chemical is a solvent for caffeine   Ethyl acetate - this is called 'naturally decaffeinated' because the chemical is found in many fruits, same as above it is a solvent.   CO2 - at very high temps and pressure the co2 reaches a supercritical state where it acts as both a fluid and gas and the smaller non polar caffeine molecules bond with the co2, this leave most of the flavor molecules as such having more flavor.   Water processing - this is basically steeping the drink (typically coffee) and then is passed through a carbon filter to remove the caffeine in the liquid. 
202 It varies slightly from game to game, but in general:  Server: Where is each player? What weapons do they have? How much ammo do they have? Which character are they playing? When can they use their next ability?  Client: What does the map look like(graphics)? What does my character look like(graphics)? What do my weapons look like(graphics)? What does this ability’s animation look like?  Server=Logic, Client=Graphics
203 1: the engine has what are called cylinders, and a piston is inside of them. Fuel fills the cylinders and combusts (either with a spark from the spark plugs in a gasoline vehicle or from compression in a diesel engine). This sends the piston in motion, from one end of the cylinder to the other. The piston is attached to the crankshaft, which is an oddly shaped pole, in such a way that when the piston is in motion the crankshaft rotates (google crankshaft, it’s hard to describe). This creates the driving force for a car.   2: the crankshaft attaches (through what is called a clutch) to the transmission. This is the thing that has all the gears in it. When you put a car “in gear,” you are coupling the crankshaft to the transmission. When it’s in neutral, the engine and transmission are decoupled, and the engine revs freely with no load.   This is a little simplified, so the nomenclature isn’t exactly precise in some places. 
204 For design and clarification purposes. e.g. Nashi are oftern called "Nashi pears" even though "nashi" already means "pear". Most people would not know that "Al" means "the".
205 CalDAV and CardDAV are not a database. It's just a protocol that allows you to access and manipulate data stored in a remote database.   There is a database on a server somewhere that stores your calendar or address book data and manages them. The owner of the database can choose to provide an access to this database using CalDAV/CardDAV protocol. You can then use any third-party application that also supports this protocol to access the data.   The protocol deals with operations such as getting a list of events/contacts, adding a new event or contact, updating an existing item with a new data, or deleting an item. Neither CalDAV nor CardDAV manage the content of each item, it's always up to the database.   To answer your questions, most of the features you mention are outside of the CalDAV/CardDAV scope, but the protocol does allow you to manage multiple calendars or address books.
206 When you serve you get 2 serves.  So holding onto 2 is what is taught.  1 for your first serve and one for your second if needed.  While you play, the balls can be worn down. So by examining all three (3 in a can), you choose the best two.  once you reach a pro level it becomes more habit.  
207 I have not noticed this, but there are many points.  One is that if a pen is dropped and lands on it's top end, then the ink will be pulled back from the ball, some air will leak around the ball and create an air bubble behind the ball, preventing ink from reaching the ball. As the ink is quite thick, that bubble won't float up away from the tip.  If the pen lands on the ball, the ball may be damaged, or pushed further into the pen, jamming the ball so it doesn't roll ink out of the pen and onto the paper.
208 I'm going to take a crack at this one. I hope I'm right.  &amp;#x200B;  Imagine if the swing were at rest, that is equilibrium so that the ropes are vertical and you are a pendulum at the bottom. If you would shift your weight so that mass is unevenly distributed (you are making an L shape instead of a pendulum) the ropes must shift from vertical to restore equilibrium. This creates acceleration in one direction. If you were to immediately restore your balance it would reverse the motion, but if you time when you change your balance, the acceleration accumulates.
209 Without context all I can give you is the most basic definition of the term: "The act of taking an idea or system and creating software that executes on that idea or system" and the noun form: "a specific piece of software together with its software features and software quality aspects".    Instagram is a software implementation of the idea "social media that allows people to take and share images". Word is a software implementation of "Word processor and typesetter". Notepad might be considered a software implemented typewriter.   It's essentially just taking the idea of a software and making it a reality. There are some similar sounding terms, but without context they'd just turn in to guessing games.
210 It has much to do with the type of wood and the finish. With age, the patina and vibrations of regular use enables an affect that enhances the sounds the instrument makes.  Many say it’s a myth.   More here by a guitar maker: [Acoustic Soundboard: The Sonic Effect of Time and Vibration](https://www.premierguitar.com/articles/19720-acoustic-soundboard-the-sonic-effect-of-time-and-vibration) 
211 An object appears a particular colour because it reflects light of a particular wavelength from a particular part of the visible spectrum. Red light is red because it contains electromagnetic waves of a wavelength that our eyes recognise as red. If you shine this light on an object that only reflects blue light (i.e. waves of a 'blue' wavelength), the object won't reflect anything, because there's no 'blue' light for it to reflect. Hence it will appear black.
212 Your eyes are wet on the surface, and all the internals of your eyes are wet— the tissues are almost all water inside.   Blinking replenishes the thin coating of tears that lubricates your eyes and keeps them from drying out. 
213 It's still dark in the early morning.  Heat from the Sun has been gone longer than at midnight, so it's colder than midnight.
214 Because there's a piece it needs to move before the door will be able to open, and it can't move that part while the door handle is being pulled on. (In general.)
215 Testing of nuclear weapons is normally done underground where no one can be directly affected or in a desert setting where, again, no one can be affected. One nuclear bomb is not going to destroy a country. It affects the direct area of the blast but if that’s in the middle of a 500 mile long salt flat, it doesn’t really matter. Dropping a bomb in the middle of a populated city is what’ll get ya. The former is considered “safe” because it’s highly highly controlled.
216 Pilot come from the the greek word for a oar, rudder you steer  a boat with.  It was transferred to the persons that steer a boat and to a person that know a harbor etc and today it might be as maritime pilot, harbor pilot.  So a pilot is another word for a guide in some context. You for example drill a small pilot hole to guide a nail or a larger drill, the the pilot hole is the first hole you make  So from that is transfer to usage a  a test or a trail  as a pilot study  or initial production as pilot run.  So it is from this use you should look at a pilot episode of a tv show as a test episode that you produce before you commit to produce any more episodes.   There is a lot of tv pilots that is produced as a test and then it is determine that something have to change or that  it was not a good idea and there is never a series produced. They are usually not made public but some  can found online. Look for unaired pilot or original pilot and you might find som of a show you know, There can be small or large changes and it is not uncommon that some actors are replaced.  &amp;#x200B;
217 The basic physics behind nuclear fission is known. The engineering required to turn that into a reliable power source that doesn't explode in your face is a whole 'nother story.
218 If you’re traveling 20 feet per second over the course of 3 seconds, you’d just multiply 20*3 to get the distance traveled, 60 feet. If you graphed that on a velocity vs time graph, you’d see a flat line at y=20 over the interval [0, 3]. Multiplying 20*3 in this case is the same as finding the area under the curve, which is length (3) times height (20).   If you start traveling at 0 feet per second and you consistently accelerate to 30 feet per second over the course of 5 seconds, your average velocity is 15 seconds, so your distance traveled is 75 feet. On the graph, you’d see the line y=x over the interval [0, 5]. Multiplying [(0+30)/2] *5 is the same as finding the area under the curve, 1/2 * length (5) * height (30).  This principle continues to apply to all curves. idk if it’s graphical enough to make sense, but that’s how it was explained to me
219 My guess? Relieving physical stress from your muscles(stretching). And relieving mental stress(groaning). Groaning could also maybe be releasing pent up air/CO2...?
220 
221 The reason you have to breathe is so that you can get oxygen into your blood so it can get to your organs, especially your brain.  Fetuses in the womb get their blood supply through the umbilical cord via the mother's blood which can carry her nutrients - including oxygen - to the fetus. So they have no need to breathe.
222 Oxygen is really good at reacting with metals in redox reactions. There's basically no way to stop it from doing so, not in a cost-effective way. The problem is that iron is a very cheap, versatile metal used in many many applications. However, iron also reacts with oxygen when it rusts and becomes very flaky. When iron oxides, which is very brittle, flakes off, it exposes more iron for oxygen to react with, furthering the process. Sacrificial plates attempt to preserve the iron structure by covering it with another metal that reacts with oxygen in a different matter. Rather than being flaky and brittle, it makes a more durable metal oxide compoud that's more resistant to wear and tear. This helps keep oxygen from getting access to the iron and damaging the core structure. 
223 It would be better for the environment if we just eliminated bottled water for the most part.  There are some situations where bottled water is practical and necessary, but in most places in the civilized world it's a scam. Tap water is perfectly safe, effectively free, and widely available. People would be better off carrying re-useable containers and filling them up at the tap.
224 This link has good information in it -   http://www.aragonvalley.com/effects-of-co2-in-humans/  CO2 is toxic at 5,000 parts per million ... current levels are at 400 ppm.
225 They are for emphasis. For instance, a popular sentence for it is, "I never said she stole my money." Depending on what word you stress, you get 7 different meanings.  &amp;#x200B;  1. ***I*** never said she stole my money - Someone else said it, not me. 2. I ***never*** said she stole my money - I never said it. 3. I never ***said*** she stole my money - I wrote it down, or hinted at it, but never said those exact words. 4. I never said ***she*** stole my money - Was someone else completely. 5. I never said she ***stole*** my money - She borrowed it. Or I loaned it. 6. I never said she stole ***my*** money - She didn't steal my money, it was someone else. 7. I never said she stole my ***money*** \- She stole something else, like my phone or laptop.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
226 I don’t know if it has a specific name but it is in fact a defense mechanism of our body which prevents us from getting damage because of constant pressure. In coma patients or paralytic patients pressure injury is a fatal condition since they don’t have the ability to move their extremities and prevent continuous pressure to a specific part of their bodies for long time.
227 Mine doesn't use wires, the keyboard uses Bluetooth to send signals to the tablet. The USB ports are there for charging the batteries.
228 First and most important, unless your butcher screwed up in a big way, the red juice that comes out of cut and prepared meat isn't blood. Removing blood from the animal is a critical step in the process, and failure to do so can be very unsafe. What you're seeing there is myoglobin, a juice found in the meat itself, and as you cook it loses most of that color.  As far as the process itself, you ate transferring heat into the meat, which causes chemical changes in the material. While it does this, it can also cause still living organisms inside the meat (especially bacteria) to die. This is why a lot of cooking instructions put a high emphasis on internal temperature; there's a certain documented temperature at which harmful bacteria can't survive, so if the inner part of the meat is at that temperature, you're golden. This guideline tem varies by meat (chicken calls for a higher base temp than beef, due to what sort of bacteria can be found inside) and cut (ground beef needs to be cooked hotter than a steak, since any contamination on the former could be mixed into the entire mass during grinding, while contamination on a steak is more likely to be surface level).
229 Protection.   When you work outdoors in the summer, particularly when you are working in fields or brush you want to have long sleeved shirts of reasonably durable material to protect your arms from being scratched and to defend from sunburn. And yes people who work those kinds of jobs still wear that kind of clothing to this day.   Additionally the same principles of trapping pockets of air as insulation help to keep you cool in extreme heat just like it does to keep you warm in extreme cold. The exact clothing chosen will be different but you still want layers. Desert dwelling peoples still dress in layers to this day. The inner most layer absorbs your sweat and wicks it away from your body, taking body heat with it and cooling you down. It then holds that moisture in a place that is not directly exposed to outside air or the sun but still exposed to some air allowing it to evaporate at a slower rate cooling you further but in a more controlled manner than a single layer of clothing would allow. This is why you should always wear an undershirt if you are working outdoors in the heat and why athletes wear a product called underarmor. 
230 Imagine I had a secret and I wanted to hide it.  So I put my secret down and I walk a loooooong distance away. Someone looking for the secret is going to have a hard time finding it.  That's doing cryptography using complex math ("walking" = doing calculations). The disadvantage is that its a simple straight line that's easy to reverse.  So what if instead, you hop sometimes, skip sometimes, jump sometimes, walk sometimes, and run sometimes. That makes it more complicated to trace your steps back to the origin, especially if each of those moves is in a different direction.  The key is telling you which way to skip, walk, and run (different for each). It makes it much much harder to find out where you came from.
231 If you do a Google search on this exact topic (Shackleford Banks horses), you’ll find years of articles of scientists and researchers worrying about this exact thing. For example: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article24771787.html  Someone might correct me, but I don’t believe any population of any species is immune from inbreeding effects. There are simply two categories of populations in the wild: those that have collapsed due to inbreeding and those that haven’t. The horses, in this case, have been dancing on the proverbial knife’s edge with regards to this type of collapse, and have only managed to avoid it due to a large conservation program where external horses are swapped/injected into herds to prevent this specific issue.  Edit: Can’t spell.
232 Yes absolutely. For example mail.stanford.edu for email.  Email is much older than the Web, and so are several other Internet services.
233 How much does climate controlled storage cost for 30 years?
234 Sediment, especially clay which can be very fine particles can take a very long time to settle. Heavy rain fall can bring new suspended sediment into the river or pond, speed up the flow of the river and stirr up the river bottom, wind can make waves that stirr up the stuff that settled out.   Some of it might be tanins and stuff that leached out of wood and leaves that settled into the river. This is usually an aged whiskey colored water.   Finally there's a lot of run off of fertilizers from farms and urban gardens, and phosphates in soaps and other cleaners that act as fertilizers for algae that makes the water a murky green. 
235 Back in the day, like today, not everyone was equally educated. The most educated members of society got to learn more than just simple, everyday language. (German, English etc.) The Catholic Church performed their rituals in Latin. The clergy and the nobles were some of the best educated people in the land, so they got to learn Latin. They would speak to each other using little bits here and there from all of the languages that they knew, including Latin. This kept going long enough that everyone, even the less-educated, picked up on the changes. Even though everyone would use the mixed language, they still knew that the Latin sounding words were associated nobles and other highly educated people.
236 Mirrors are a piece of glass with a reflective backing, usually a thin coating of a metal alloy. Light reflects off the metal backing to show the reflection.
237 So this is a super complex issue and ill try to super simplify it.  Gorbachev took over in 1985 and the Soviet economy was already is a severe recession and with the poor economy the communist party found itself increasingly unpopular.  To reverse this and preserve the country and party he introduced political and economic reforms, Glasnost and Perestroika.  This new freedom of speech left the people yearning for even more freedom.  He cracked open the door and then the people kicked it in.  The economic reforms did not have immediate effects.  Starting in 1987 some of the republics began to try to leave the USSR and declare independence and Gorbachev was unwilling to deploy massive military force to stop them.  By 1991 it was clear that the Soviet system was completely failing and there was no way to go back to the way it had been.  In Jan. 1992 the Soviet Union ceased to exists.  He inherited a terrible situation and did his best of save it, but there is almost no way that it could be saved, no matter who came to power
238 Wettability and surface tension. The dye changes the wettability of the plastic which affects the bubbles “wetting angle” (how “tall” vs how “flat” the bubble is) which is directly related to the surface tension of the liquid. Too big or small of an angle and the bubble can’t stick.
239 Clouds do not block the sun, they change the speed of the light and defuse the light coming though them from the sun.   This is why the tops of thunderclouds look like they are glowing while the bottom are dark, the light has slowed so far down it is no longer defuses.  
240 Many reasons.  1 - Men tend to take bigger risks, including doing things that are potentially lethal.  2 - Men tend to work more dangerous jobs such as firefighting, construction, and military service.  3 - Men are more likely to develop heart related issues, which may have a biological component but also is impacted by lifestyle.  4 - Men are typically larger than women which has a negative impact on lifespan though this isn't 100% clear in humans.  5 - Men are more likely to commit (well really succeed) at suicide.  6 - Men tend to be less socially connected which has been found to increase the probability of death.  7 - Men tend to avoid doctors.  So all in all, it's a lot of different factors.
241 Strength to weight ratio maxes at about 10yo in girls. Add a few years for advanced training and poise. Strength to weight ratio in girls nosedives toward and after puberty, absent extreme training and/or eating disorders. However, if grace and poise are more prized, as in ballet, maturity becomes a plus. 
242 Its about expressiveness, when it comes to music, tempo, rhythm, harmonies and melodies define what the composer/performer want the piece to sound like. It is also how we perceive and appreciate certain kinds of music. Without expressing it it would just be a piece of robotic 1+1=2 music, too predictable! Hope i’m making sense lol... 
243 Any liquid that leaves the container has to be replaced by air or the container has to crumple. If you tip a gallon of milk all the way upside down water will poor out, but eventually air needs to go in which momentarily stops the water from flowing out as air flows in. You can get any container to flow smoothly by tipping it enough so that their is a gap big enough for air to pass through so it is always replacing the liquid that leaves.
244 Because the fluid in there is exerting pressure on the surrounding nerves. When you release the fluid, the pressure is relieved (less pressure being exerted on the surrounding nerves). 
245 It is an alloy with mercury. Amalgamated gold is gold that has been dissolved or mixed with mercury.   An amalgam is a mixture of anything.   Amalgamate is also a verb--to mix-- basically. 
246 I would say the biggest difference in them is that when you say bisexual that does not automatically include trans/NB people in that attraction. That doesn't mean that a bisexual person does not find trans people attractive, just that they're not required to find trans people attractive based on their sexual preference. Pansexuality on the other hand automatically includes trans people. You cannot be pansexual and trans negative, for example.
247 First, to start off with, a rock is simply a collection of minerals that has been aggregated into a single unit.     The definition of a mineral is more involved, but still simple.  A substance is a mineral if: 1. It is solid. 2. It is inorganic. 3. It is natural (not man-made). 4. It has a specific chemical formula*. 5. Its atoms are arranged in a defined spatial relationship to one another.  Take table salt (a mineral called 'halite').  It is solid, it is not the product of carbon-based chemistry, its formula is NaCl, and those atoms are arranged to form a perfect cube, even on the smallest scale.  If it's not made by humans, it's a mineral!  Here's where it gets deep, and very cool: minerals exist because those specific combinations of atoms, in those shapes, are chemically and physically stable.  The atoms get into those positions and don't really want to go anywhere else because they're -- in a manner of speaking -- comfy.  They don't want to go anywhere else.  In this way, minerals are a reflection of the fundamental laws of physics in the universe!  I had an asterisk (*) after point 4.  That is because sometimes, a mineral can exist in a range of compositions.  This is often true for the larger, more complex minerals.  An example is something like (the super beautiful mineral) [tourmaline](https://df2sm3urulav.cloudfront.net/tenants/gr/uploads/images/685000-689999/686600/5991797707b80.jpg).  It has a regular chemical composition, but it is written out as:   XY_3_Z_6_(T_6_O_18_)(BO_3)_V_W  where everything but the O's are variable!  Since reddit doesn't support subscripts,[ a more readable version is in this portion of the wikipedia entry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tourmaline#Chemical_composition_of_the_tourmaline_group).  This is all reasonable because ions can swap in and out for one another, provided their charges are the same and their shapes are close enough. That's why geologists often talk of mineral "families".  The really deep thing that minerals convey, though, is the concept of equilibrium -- minimizing energy given local physical and chemical conditions.  Again, think of it as laziness.  Natural (non-human made) ice is a mineral.  But did you know that there are many, many different kinds of ice?  Most people don't! (Unless they've read a Vonnegut book or two.)  Depending on the pressure and temperature, there are (last I checked) 11 different solid phases of H2O.  These are called "polymorphs" -- same chemical formula, different arrangement of the atoms. But once again, the reason they re-arrange is to find the comfiest spot they can.  So that's why minerals exist: it's simply easier and lazier to be in a mineral than to float around on your own.  And rocks occur when those minerals get smacked together through a variety of processes
248 So a heavy element is one that has a lot of particles - protons and neutrons - in its centre. But physics stops really heavy atoms from forming because there's not enough energy to squeeze all those protons together because they don't like each other that much. In the same way a stick doesn't burn until you hit a certain temperature, a heavy atom doesn't form until you hit a certain pressure.   And in normal stars, iron's pretty much the limit that you normally get, so it starts building up some iron in its core and that's as far as it can go...  ...until the star blows up.  Think about the force required to cause an entire star to burst. Now, if that star already has an iron core, that bursting creates an absolutely astounding amount of pressure inside the star too as it flings the outer layers of the star away.   And so already-heavy collections of atom particles that don't like each other that much?   Well, they STILL get jammed together hard enough to overcome their dislike, and they STAY together after that. So you get new atom types that are a lot heavier, and some of them are fairly stable and will stick around a long time too. Even so, though, it takes an extraordinary extraordinary amount of energy to reach that point, and that's why those elements are fairly rare.
249 By the utilization of multiple stomachs. These are what allow for the extraction of the necessary nutrients for both growth and survival.   They also seek out minerals like sodium in salt licks etc.
250 Do you know when food tastes good despite not being a chef?  Music is all about sounds that people enjoy. You don't have to know words like "chord" or "dissonance" to know that one sounds nice and other other doesn't.
251 Your brain has an area that keeps your body at a normal temperature, typically 98.6°F. When your body is below that you feel cold (your brain telling you to go somewhere warmer or put on a jacket) and to shiver to increase the temp back to 98.6°F. When you feel warm and sweat it is your brain trying to get your overheated body back down.  When you get a fever it is because your brain changes the thermostat setting. Suddenly in order for you to feel comfortable you need to reach 102°F or whatever the new “setting” is. An environment that normally is fine will feel chilly bc anything below that temperature feels cool.  And then when your fever breaks and the setting goes back down to 98.6°F you will be way too hot so your body responds by sweating to cool you down. If you have ever gone to bed with a fever and woken up thinking you wet the bed, but feeling much better, that’s why!
252 I'm guessing you mean how can changing the exhaust system on a car increase performance?   When combustion happens in an engine, fuel and air is burnt in the combustion chamber, this causes an expansion which pushes the piston down. This is what generates the power in a normal car engine. However this combustion of course results in leftover gas, which is the exhaust gases which have to be pushed out of the chamber so that new air and fuel can be sucked in. The power generated from the expansion is however also used for pushing the gases out and sucking in more fuel and air. In short, the output power is the generated power minus the work the engine has to do, this includes pushing exhaust out.   A sportier exhaust system has less flow restrictions than a stock one, more flow in the pipes makes pushing exhaust gases out easier and therefore subtracts less power from the expansion. More airflow in the exhaust can be achieved by having straighter, bigger pipes and no muffler for example. Sorry for the novel but I hope it was easy to understand 
253 It's not "sand" that turns to glass, it's the primary ingredient in many types of sand that turns to glass. Silica is found in quartz which is one of the most common minerals on Earth. Most glass is made from silica, lime, and sodium carbonate  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soda%E2%80%93lime_glass
254 Legally, the car is insured.  Individual people are not.  However, the insurance policy will usually dictate who an "authorized driver" is.  So both your parents' cars are individually insured.  Most likely they each list the other parent as an authorized driver.  If they want you to be able to drive either car without issue, they'd have to add you to their policy.  If someone other than the authorized driver gets into a wreck, the company can refuse to pay out.  However, it wouldn't be illegal for an unauthorized driver to drive the car, assuming they had the owner's consent.
255 FBI agents and detectives are often wearing a suit or similar business formal clothes because their jobs are typically desk jobs, or relatively physically minor. They don't usually go around kicking in doors with guns drawn or chase down criminals, they do stuff like interview people or look through documents. That TV special agents look inappropriately dressed is more a symptom of their portrayal in the media being unrealistic.
256 They don't have accurate weather forecasting abilities, it's about generalities. For some animals day length triggers migration, like many birds. Decline in foods trigger movement. They can sense changes in tempreature or changes in humidity.   Those will tell them the rains might be coming, but it's not going to tell them exactly where and when. Late rains might mean many animals die of starvation.
257 You've probably seen a multiple speed bicycle with 5 or more gears on the rear wheel. If it were a CVT, it would look more like one cone, rather than distinct gears, where any spot on the cone can be use. So between 2 of the bikes physical gears, the CVT can great anywhere between the 2 gears.  People hate them because they are soft shifting, especially when compared to a manual shifter. Beyond simple feel, the cars they are put in tend to be smaller cars and the shift points tuned to higher mileage over performance, although most have sport mode and manual shifting that is able to be enabled via the shifter or a button.
258 The interesting bit is that all images made by modern optical instruments (cameras, radio, etc) work the same way. This is because radio, and visible light are really just the same thing.  Think of radio as a color we can't percieve  Modern instruments are made of a grid if light sensors.  Each sensor simply detects if light has stuck it or not.  When the computer reads it out it registers where the sensor is on the grid, and how much light it received.  The computer then recreates the grid on a monitor, with more light received producing a brighter pixel.  Different colors are achieved by taking multiple images, each one has a colored filter on front to only let a specific color through.  This is then overlayed on top of the black and white image, and more light is brighter as before.  This time though the light is displayed as a specific color to match the filter.  If we want the signal as sound, the instrument simply makes the intensity translate as volume rather than brightness, and "color" is a different frequency (pitch).  This works because while sound is different from light, it is still a wave like light, so we can treat then in a very similar fashion.  
259 Light-gas guns work similar to hydraulics.  [Here's a nice reference image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1a/Light-gas_gun.svg/1280px-Light-gas_gun.svg.png)  In the back there is an explosive charge, it can be basic gunpowder or something fancier.  In the middle you have the main cylinder with a perfectly sealed block that can slide down its length and at the far end away from the explosive you have a much smaller tube that contains the actual projectile  When the explosive goes off it pushes the block down the big tube, this forces a huge volume of air to squeeze down the little tube extremely quickly where it forces the projectile out the end.  So why the name light gas gun?  Because you can only force a gas into the little tube at the speed of sound of that gas, that will also be the max speed of your projectile.  If you're dealing with normal air that's 343 m/s, but if you fill it with hydrogen you can fire it out at 1270 m/s, about 4x faster
260 HIV positive basically means that the virus is present in your body. AIDS, or Acquired Immunodeficiency syndrome, is a manifestation of the disease wherein it attacks cells used by your immune system to fend off foreign attacks - thus causing your immune system to be *deficient*/stop working.
261 [By getting through them as fast as possible](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Allen_radiation_belt#Implications_for_space_travel) - the less time spent in them, the less damage is done.
262 Scandinavia is a political descriptor moreso than a geographic one. Scandinavia is "correctly" used to describe the three kingdoms of scandinavia: Norway, Denmark, Sweeden.   Fennoscandia is what you use to refer to the peninsula itself: Norway, Sweeden, and Finland (as well as the non-nordic areas, such as the Kola peninsula).   The Nordic nations is a historic and political term that is used over the five nordic nations as well as their dependencies. This term covers the race of people that share similar cultures, ethnicities, histories, languages and shared interests.   However most people use "Nordic" and "Scandinavia" interchangably to refer to the nordic nations, so the descriptivist linguists in the room would say that using "Scandinavia" to describe Finland isn't strictly wrong.
263 Square boxes are easier to make. They can be flattened for storage and quickly unfolded when needed.
264 
265 You install Python on your machine. This includes some standard packages. For a lot of projects though, you'll have to install additional packages (using PIP for example).   As you build more, and more complex projects, it becomes hard to track which projects use which packages. Also: different projects may use different versions of the same package.   To make this more structured, you should create a virtual environment for each project. This basically contains a copy of your original Python installation, and you can add all your project-specific packages here. Other projects won't be affected.   Take it a step further, and you arrive at Docker containers. These create isolated environments, containers, not only for your Python installations, but for all project dependencies. This makes it very easy to transfer your project to another machine as well. You just have to clone the Docker container.   
266 ICs have zero rare earth elements in them.  By weight they are nearly 100% silicon with just tiny amounts of gold, boron, phosphorus, and oxygen and I mean tiny amounts.  Gold might be 0.01% by weight, the rest are far far lower.  ICs are made through a multistep process of covering it with a mask that reacts with light, washing away the exposed parts, and then removing silicon or adding gold, boron, or phosphorus and then putting a fresh mask on and doing it again for another material.  The problem is, shining light to form super tiny patterns requires very fancy($$$) equipment.  Because of this companies are hesitant to build more capacity than they really need because they may be left with extremely expensive machines which won't pay for themselves.  Once the machines have paid for themselves they can sell the chips for less which is why storage prices general drop as the tech matures.
267 The true is that Metropolitan or large populated areas will always have preference from the government to give basic services first and that's because of votes, stop protest and clean image of the country.  Sadly, most of the time water comes from the places where they "don't have" water.  So saving in the metropolitan area will save a bit for the non metropolitan area.
268 It depends on the system. Some use pressure to detect a touch others use a capacitive sensor which detects the electric potential across the ridges in your finger
269 You place it in a spectrometer. Using different types(such as a flight of mass spectrometer, nmr, infrared spectrometer ) you can see what a substance is made out of, what percentages of different elements are in its composition and things like if whether(if it’s an organic compound) what functional groups are attached to it (like hydroxyl, carbonyl or nitrile groups)
270 It's spectrometry, not spectroscopy* but at a very, very basic level:    Stuff is made of molecules. Those molecules are made of atoms. Each atom of a specific type weighs a specific amount. Therefore if you know what a molecule weighs, it can tell you something about which atoms it is made up of.  Spectroscopy covers a wide range of techniques that separate the components of a substance out so you can detect them one at a time.    Mass spectroscopy separates the components of a substance out according to their molecular weight.  You mash some stuff up into little bits. You make sure those bits are 'ionised' - i.e. you break a molecule apart into + and - charges (basically where the electrons from the atoms end up).   You fling those bits down a long tube, through a magnetic field and round a bend.  Depending on the charge of the ion and the weight of the molecule, the bits of stuff get deflected a varying amount to one side or the other of the long tube.  The stuff hits a detector. Depending on where it hits the detector, that tells you how heavy the molecule was and what charge it had. So positive molecules of a certain weight always hit the same spot of the detector.    That, combined with a few other techniques to understand what stuff you're putting on or can then put the molecules through afterwards helps you work out what molecules hit the detector.     *spectroscopy is studying the phenomenon, spectrometry is using it to measure things.    One really simple version of something very similar to spectroscopy that you will have seen - called chromatography - is where you drop water on ink. The ink spreads out into the different colours that it is made of based on the size of the molecules and how fast the water can carry them through the structure of the paper.
271 Have you played it?  There's big difference between looking lifelike, and looking good enough to throw off your senses.  If it's good enough to make you believe it's moving, your mind is getting different signals from your equilibrium and balancing sensors (in your ears) and your eyes.   Think about it like motion sickness, even if you know you're moving in a car, your body still gets confused and you get sick.   The same thing is happening here. Your eyes are telling your brain you're in a moving cart, or falling down, and it responds and gets confused.   No matter how enlightened you think you are, or in touch with your body, when your eyes get deceived and they send the motion signals to your brain, there's nothing you can do about it.
272 Web servers are simple enough that I've elected to use real example code to illustrate them instead of metaphors. I am aware that this would confuse an actual five-year-old.  ---  A web server is software that implements the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), or a computer that is running such software. This means that if you send a message to this computer that constitutes an “HTTP request”, then the computer will respond with a message called an “HTTP response”.  A simple example of an HTTP request is:      GET /foo HTTP/1.0  The plain-English meaning of this request is “send me the document called ‘/foo’ ”. A simple response to this request might be:      HTTP/1.0 200 OK     Date: Sun, 7 Apr 2019 12:34:56 GMT     Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8     Content-Length: 13      Hello, World!  This means that the request succeeded and was sent as the given time, that the document you requested is plain text, and that its contents are “Hello, World!”. Date, Content-type, and Content-Length are called *headers*, and “Hello, World!” is the *response body*.  (I'm handwaving some technical details that aren't relevant to the example, like versions of HTTP, line endings, and such.)  When you type `http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive` into your web browser's address bar and press enter, your web browser will: - Find the address of the server named `www.reddit.com`. - Send an HTTP request to that server… - …that looks something like `GET /r/explainlikeimfive HTTP/1.0`.  (In practice, your browser will almost certainly use HTTP 1.1, and it will send a bunch of other information in headers. It may also use an encrypted form of HTTP called HTTPS. These things are important, but they are not central to what a web server is.)  Often, when you request a document from a web server, it will send you an existing document that it has in its filesystem. For example, I might have a web server for the purpose of sharing documents on my hard drive under `/var/sharedstuff`. If you send an HTTP request for the document `/foo.html`, then I will send you the file that's on my hard drive at `/var/sharedstuff/foo.html` if it exists. This is how “static” web sites work.  However, I could also have a complex system that generates documents on demand using information from a database or elsewhere. For instance, when you request `/r/explainlikeimfive` from Reddit's servers, those servers will create a brand-new document with the current front-page posts. If you ask for `/r/explainlikeimfive` a few minutes later, you will get another brand-new document that may have different content.
273 Just because it's cold and the shape fits against your skin contours to apply the cold efficiently. The trope of the steak to the black eye originates from before ice packs were in everyone's freezer at all times. Applying cold makes the blood vessels contract, which reduces swelling or bruising.
274 When a business sells lower-cost items, a large denomination bill takes a lot of change, and the, say, $85 in change they gave out is tied up until that $100 is deposited. It’s much easier for them, and makes more economic sense to not accept large bills. 
275 This is to do with how EM waves travel within 'stuff' (as opposed to vacuum).   If a thing is transparent, it means that it doesn't really do anything to the light that tries to pass through it, and vice versa.  A solid conductor, generally speaking, have free electrons. Free electrons respond to EM waves. ie, if you try to vibrate the electrons using EM waves, it'll happily shake about, taking energy from it.   This means that if material is transparent, it is unlikely to have free electrons. Liquid that conduct via ions: They conduct, but they don't have free electrons!  Interesting note; As you increase the intensity of light, most transparent material will eventually lose its electrons, which makes it conductive &amp; non-transparent. 
276 As the bubbles rise to the surface they leave an unsteady set of alternating vortices behind. This phenomenon is known as the [Kármán vortex street ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K%C3%A1rm%C3%A1n_vortex_street)   You can imagine each vortex pulling the liquid on alternating direcions giving rise to the zig-zag. 
277 [https://youtu.be/EFwxXsRdiEY?t=71](https://youtu.be/EFwxXsRdiEY?t=71)  kind of TL;DR: Use a mic that can handle a noise level that car produce, and will filter wind audio.   Also, emulate the distance that will be used in your game but the closer your mic to the exhaust\\engine of the car, the better.  And if you want to do test on the go, use noise cancelling headphones.  The man in the video recommends :  **Zoom H1 -** [**http://amzn.to/2pM0WfP**](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&amp;v=EFwxXsRdiEY&amp;q=http%3A%2F%2Famzn.to%2F2pM0WfP&amp;redir_token=_19zTdUx84yqxu8lfu8Ij6mCstl8MTU1NDc1MjI1MkAxNTU0NjY1ODUy)  for entry level.
278 
279 Batteries provide energy for the toy to "do something". Chances are, those toys you had that worked without batteries got their energy from some other source, likely something mechanical. Maybe you pulled a string, spun it around, or rolled it along. Any of those motions could be used to store mechanical energy in a spring which could be used directly (e.g. to make a noise, move something) or indirectly (e.g to turn a tiny generator, which made electricity, to light up lights). Either way, the energy came from somewhere, just not somewhere obvious.
280 The gas stations take advantage of people traveling.  That’s why prices are higher around holidays when people travel to visit friends and relatives.  The price also goes up just before major snowstorms because they know people are going to need gas to run their generators if the lose power.
281 Modern processors consist of Billions of transistors, while a NAND function (inputs A, B, output is true if at least one of them is false) for example needs two transistors, or a 16-bit multiplier needs a few thousand.  So, plenty of space to do MANY, MANY things virtually at once.  The processor speed in GHz means how many operations the processor can calculate in a second.  So for example, if your quad core CPU has a clock speed of 3GHz, this means your processor does roughly 4*3=12 Billion operations per second.  Compared to how long it would take me to multiply two 5-digit numbers, it is.. Pretty fast. 
282 If an object has no holes in it, then it can be stretched and squeezed into a sphere. So the conjecture is that a sphere is the simplest form of any object without a hole. Edit: (Forgot to add that the conjecture states that this holds true for objects without holes in any dimension) Not sure how to explain how it was proven though.   
283 Great minds think alike. Yarr! Yer not alone in askin', and kind strangers have explained:  1. [ELI5: The Photoelectric Effect and its significance ](https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1pj5lw/eli5_the_photoelectric_effect_and_its_significance/) ^(_5 comments_) 1. [ELI5, the photoelectric effect, and how light can behave both as a wave and as a particle ](https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/so8xf/eli5_the_photoelectric_effect_and_how_light_can/) ^(_15 comments_) 1. [ELI5: Photoelectric Effect ](https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2a8tot/eli5_photoelectric_effect/) ^(_5 comments_) 1. [ELI5: What is the photoelectric effect? ](https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/16uqq9/eli5_what_is_the_photoelectric_effect/) ^(_3 comments_) 1. [ELI5: How does the photoelectric effect demonstrate the quantization of light? ](https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/5hsb8s/eli5_how_does_the_photoelectric_effect/) ^(_2 comments_) 
284 If it’s something large (but not too large) it will just go through your digestive system and exit without being broken down and absorbed. Like corn kernel skins, or that marble when I was eight.
285 It's entirely a question of branding and marketing.  Maintaining a brand name for a car is purely a marketing tactic, as it tries to associate the positive aspects of a previous generation car to a current one.  On one side different cars in the same lineage like the Honda CRV will all be similar in that they are all SUVs in the same class. Each new generation is a direct improvement on the previous version of the car. Keeping the same brand name helps associate all those cars together.  Where's the current generation Buick Regal is completely different than the old one aside from the name. It is in reality a rebranded Opel Insignia. In this case the name is used to convince buyers that it will have the same styling, handling, reliability, or whatever the case may be as the previous one. When in this case it's completely false and just a marketing tactic.  Similarly if a car has a bad reputation, a new version might get re-branded. Given a new name to try to avoid the negative connotations of the previous car, even though they are related.
286 CGP Grey has a really excellent video explaining this.  Basically in pre modern times you only have 13 or so animals throughout the world that were domesticated.  You can bump that up a little if you count silk worms and bees.  The reasons are that as hunter gatherers, there was a pretty strict list of requirements for animals to actually be usefully domesticated.  It’s got to be friendly to a degree.  That makes domesticating most Carnivores out of the question.  Small cats are an exception because of the next one.  It’s got to eat something that is both very common and something you cannot eat.  If it’s an omnivore it’s got to be okay with whatever.  It’s got to be really eager to breed and grow up quickly.  Domestication requires keeping track of multiple generations and if it takes 15 years to breed each generation it means records over multiple human lifetimes.  Finally, and this gets to the question of why this but not it’s close relative, it’s got to have a hierarchy that we as humans can exploit.  This is why horses are domesticated and zebra are not.  Horses have a hierarchy.  You capture and tame the lead stallion and the herd follows you.  Zebra do not, and have several other personality features that set them apart from horses that make domesticating them a non starter.
287 “Essential” doesn’t mean “necessary”, it’s supposed to mean “Essence”. Essential oils are distilled plant oils (therefore Essence).  Popular essential oils include lavender, clove, juniper etc. They are claimed to have a medical/healing effect, which is partially true of some oils, like how Agathosma has a minor diuretic effect. However no oil or mixture of oils has magical healing properties such as curing cancer, and the medical benefits (if any) of such oils is very weak.  They are looked down upon because they are often sold with miraculous claims (like treating cancer, Alzheimer, liver/kidney problems or some other bs). It’s like trying to say a single AAA battery can power the space shuttle. Yes it might be true that the battery has some minor use on the space shuttle, but in no way is it going to complete the job required.
288 They (generally) take regular butter and whip it and/or add some type of oil that is liquid at room temp.  So the butter can be easier to spread because there are tiny air bubbles interspersed throughout, it is softened by being mixed with a “softer” oil, or  both.   I’m not talking about “butter flavored spreads” here (I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!), just actual spreadable dairy-full butter.
289 FM radio signals have a fairly long wavelength - at least, compared to any other use of radio in a phone. That longer wavelength needs a longer antenna, which you can't fit inside the phone. So they instead use the shielding in the headphone cable, which is plenty long enough.  The app could try to work without the headphone plugged in - many do - but it is hard for them to pick up a radio signal without it.
290 This isn't really an ELI5 theme, but I'll try.  First, what are assets and what are expenses? An ASSET is something that lasts a long time. It's semi-permanent, like a dump truck or a building.  An EXPENSE is something that is instant, like a business lunch with clients, the cost of hiring a consultant, or the mileage you incur on your own vehicle when doing company business.  These show up in different ways when the company does its financial paperwork, and here's the key difference: An asset can have financial sheet implications **over many years**, but an expense has financial sheet effects **in the current year only.** (There's tons of gray here, this is the simplest case and I'm going to touch accruals.)  To apply them, you pick which you want to use by putting the financial numbers for costs incurred against different accounts, where some are asset accounts, others are expense accounts. You're "capitalizing" (creating capital) when you assign those values against asset accounts, including R&amp;D ones.  And then auditors are usually legally required to look at your company to make sure you're assigning them properly so you can't just make up rules on how you want to move that money around.  Why even do it? This changes things like how healthy the company looks to the people that want to buy its stocks on the stock market, or how much tax it pays at what point in an asset's lifetime. A good investor looks at capital versus expenses and makes decisions based on how much is in each.  &amp;#x200B;
291 Its just another name for 4G LTE.   It is not faster. It means nothing. It is a gimmick from AT&amp;T
292 A a group of substances called pyrogens triggers the fever response in Humans - one pyrogen is found in bacteria's cell walls.  The presence of pyrogens causes a complex chain of chemical responses in humans that  triggers the Hypothalamus to "turn up the heat". When they aren't found, or drugs are give that reset the chain of responses, the fever ends
293 You're body aclimates to whatever you do to it. By doing interval training, you're training yourself to treat the regular endurance running as your cooling off /regeneration period.   To get better you must always push yourself past what you feel is your limit.  It's a way of moving your tolerance forward.
294 Couple of things:  - of course, the closer to the transmitter you are, the stronger the signal.  - the transmitter may not actually be in the city it is “broadcasting to” - stations run different power levels. One station may be a 50,000 watt blowtorch and the other a 100 watt low power station - station transmitters don’t alway broadcast equally in every direction. You can have transmitter antennas with different patterns that have weaker signals in one direction. This is often the case if there a station on an adjacent channel in a nearby city to help minimize co-channel or adjacent channel interference.  - and sometimes, depending on the output power and height of the transmitting antenna, if you get too close to the transmitter, the transmitted waves go “over you” and you’re in a dead zone. This really only happens with low power stations. 
295 There are three levels of federal court in the US.  1. District Courts - These are the general federal trial courts. If you go to a trial in a federal prosecution, it's in a District Court. District Courts also handle federal civil suits.  2. Circuit Courts - These are courts of appeal. There are 13 federal Circuit Courts, and most circuits contain several districts. These courts do not hear trials, only appeals. They decide whether the law was appropriately followed in the lower courts. Circuit Court decisions are binding only within the circuit, and may be appealed to the Supreme Court.  3. US Supreme Court - The final appeals court of the US, and the final say on the meaning of US law. The Supreme Court hears appeals from the Circuit Courts, cases where two Circuits disagree,  and cases where two states are in conflict with each other (yes, our states occasionally sue each other). Supreme Court decisions are final, and are binding on the entire country.
296 When your GPS receiver or smartphone receives data from the satellites, one of the items it receives is the number of weeks that have elapsed since August 21, 1999.  And because of the way that the GPS system was designed, that number is stored in 10 binary bits.  Trouble is, 10 binary bits can only store a number between 0 and 1023.  We're now in week 1024, which will wrap around and become week zero.  So your GPS needs a software update to tell it to start counting from April 2019, not from August 1999.  Otherwise it won't know what the current date is.  Why August 1999?  Because that's 1023 weeks ago, ie when this problem last occurred.
297 Cars have two kinds of parts, functional parts and design parts.  The design parts are chosen for how they make the inside or outside of the car look and feel.  Think tail fins in the 1950s.  Functional parts make the car work as a car, ignoring looks.  Think things like engines and suspension members.  The more kinds of parts a company makes, the higher its costs and the higher its risk exposure if one car doesn't sell as well as others.  By sharing functional parts, usually called "the platform", between several car models, these costs and risks are reduced.
298 It is explain pretty well [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_recombination).  It does disrupt the base pairing, and then repair enzymes come over and fix it, by replacing the bases on one strand with ones that match the other strand.  If you are looking specifically at crossover recombination, then there are two single-strand recombination events.  At the big picture level, it is like you broke both strands of both chromosomes simultaneously and reattached them both cleanly swapped.  If you look at the fine detail, there is a region where it got messy and then the repair enzymes had to step in in that region because they were not complementary.
299 Our eyes can only see a certain range of light. This means we can only see colors that have wavelengths within the range we are physically capable of seeing. Other colors do exist we just can't see them because our eyes can't detect those wavelengths. Because we've only ever seen these colors, we can only imagine colors that are mixures of what weve already seen, which already exists.
300 Are you sure you mean low body temperature, because when you feel cold it's because you have a fever. If your body temperature drops your surroundings will feel hot. I guess it can lower body temperature in other areas of the body not near the infection site, because of the lowered blood supply.
301 Radios use special waves to send their messages. Dense stuff like bridges usually have metal in them, and metal is really good at blocking those special waves. If those waves can't get through, your car's antenna can't pick them up.  It's like putting a pillow over your ears- you might be able to still hear a little bit, but it's really muffled because the sound is being absorbed by the pillow.  Slightly &gt;5 explanation: bridges/buildings often have rebar, which is concrete that is strengthened with metal bars. The metal bars often create a mesh which acts like a Faraday cage, which generally blocks incoming radio transmission. This is why you often get poor cell service in big buildings.  Someone please correct me if I'm wrong here.
302 It depends on the system, of course, but the EA greeting is where you record "I've gone on vacation and I won't get your message for weeks. BEEP".  You might switch this on with some VME command, and then switch back to your regular greeting without having to re-record it.
303 The problem is that it hides in cells of your body (called effector memory T cells), and there is no kind of transfusion that can throw out all your old ones. So even if you get new ones in a transfusion, they'll get infected from the old contaminated ones.
304 You are describing a stereo recording. Speakers should provide the same soundstage image if they are set up properly. When the music is recorded, the various voices all have a particular position in the mix, both in the frequency space (determined by the instruments and vocals used), and in physical space, which at its simplest is just accomplished with two microphones, but more typically is accomplished by the mixing engineer who pans each track to a particular position on the left to right axis. The idea is that if you close your eyes and listen to a recording, you should be able to point to where the particular instrumentalist or vocalist is standing on the virtual soundstage. Recording these days is mostly done using digital audio workstations (DAW). Each part is tracked separately (the band may play together, but each part is isolated and recorded to its own digital track), and then the individual tracks are manipulated to change their relative volume levels and their position in the mix. There may be dozens of tracks in the master, but once the mixing is done and the engineer is happy with the result, the recording is mixed down and recorded to the two left / right channels only, for reproduction on your headphones or home stereo.
305 Why it is there, I have no idea. However, the coolant with be circulating, either by differential temperature and pressure or by a coolant pump. Thus where the radiator is placed makes no difference. Most likely the reason is heat dissipation away from the driver as those cars are basically a few pipes and a bit of fibreglass/carbon fibre and a big bloody engine, so any heat would raise the car interior heat to be a little hot for racing. Sweaty business.
306 [deleted]
307 Naloxone (narcan) is what’s called an opioid antagonist, meaning it fights the effects of opiates. It works by blocking the opiate receptors in the brain, preventing further opioids from entering the users system. It doesn’t necessarily reverse the effects, but it does shut off the receptors to prevent further effects, preventing further effects. Narcan can be administered repeatedly without overdose, sometimes higher doses are more successful in more severe overdoses. 
308 Is this actually a thing? I've done a lot of work with electronics involving LEDs and have never heard of this.
309 Mostly the best ways to keep your country's currency stable are to:  1. Make sure there is a market for your country's goods and services abroad. Foreigners will want to buy your currency so they can buy your goods and services. This demand increases the value of your currency.  2. If the demand for your currency starts to get too high, it will become too expensive and foreigners won't be able to buy your country's goods and services any more. If this happens, your government can print more money to buy your people things like roads, hospitals, schools, or bombers. This increase of your money will lower the value of your currency.  If you are good at balancing these two strategies, your country's currency should stay fairly stable.  I hope this helps. Please rule your people justly and kindly.
310 coincidence is often used to suggest two seperate, unrelated things that appear connected. Irony is when something happens that is the opposite of what you would expect.  &amp;#x200B;  A porn star living on Cock Avenue is a coincidence, a porn star living on Virgin Drive would be irony.
311 Because technology is ever increasing, allowing us to pull DNA off of things that we couldn't before and to detect and trace other things that we could before.  It's not the evidence is new, it's just that technology lets us discover more from it.
312 A Window Manager is a Linux specific piece of software that... manages windows.  In Linux the graphical interface can look like pretty much anything. It can look like Windows 95. It can look like OSX. It can force the windows to be in a grid, without the possibility of overlapping windows. And so on. The thing that decides how all this works is the window manager.  So, i3 is a tiling window manager. If you're using something like Windows or OSX you can for instance take a browser window and make it [overlap another](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/mlc-downloads/downloads/submissions/8670/versions/1/screenshot.png).  In a tiling window manager, this can't happen. You arrange all your stuff on a grid, with different sized cells. Your desktop will always look [like this](https://i3wm.org/screenshots/i3-9.png). Nothing ever overlaps anything else.
313 The retina is the back part of the eye that contains the cells that respond to light. These specialized cells are called **photoreceptors**. There are 2 types of photoreceptors in the retina: **rods** and **cones**.  The rods are most sensitive to light and dark changes, shape and movement and contain only one type of light-sensitive pigment. Rods are not good for color vision. In a dim room, however, we use mainly our rods, but we are "color blind." Rods are more numerous than cones in the periphery of the retina.   &amp;#x200B;   [https://faculty.washington.edu/chudler/retina.html](https://faculty.washington.edu/chudler/retina.html) 
314 I’ll try my best.   Inside an automatic transmission, there are components (drums and bands) that can either hold or drive a gear that is part of a gear set. When a small gear drives a larger gear, the result is the low speed, high torque output needed to get the vehicle going. As the speed of the vehicle increases, a new gear ratio is needed in order to match that speed, and go faster.   The drums and bands are engaged by fluid pressure, that is built up as the speed of the vehicle overcomes the driver’s throttle input. The gears are engaged by the components in various configurations to achieve the gear ratio required for the speed of the vehicle.   Let’s say we are in first gear. The driver presses the gas, and the vehicle starts to build up speed. As the speed of the vehicle becomes greater, the transmission now needs to shift into 2nd gear. Fluid is directed to the holding and driving devices for 2nd gear, so that a specific set of gears is engaged, which will transfer the proper power to the wheels, and give us a new ratio. As we continue to go faster, fluid gets directed to the holding and driving devices for 3rd gear, etc. 
315 Nope, not the same thing.  EAD: They owe me $12 dollars.  LGD: I will get 75% of it back through the bankruptcy process (or foreclosure, or whatever the process is), and lose they other 25%.  So if they default, I will lose $3.
316 Camped: Dig big hole. Throw shit in hole. Fill in hole.   On the move: dig small holes. Shit in holes. Fill in holes.  Fighting: hold it. 
317 It depends of which social science you're referring to (e.g. sociology, anthropology, psychology, social work, archaeology or subfields within them). Can you give us some more context? I happen to have a social work textbook in front of me (because I'm browsing Reddit while I procrastinate from uni work, so I'll provide my lay definition and then relate it back to the author's definition to give you a more thorough answer.  The understand any of those three topics, you first need to be familiar with levels of analysis, the micro (individual), messo (groups or communities) and macro (all of society levels). It's also important to understand that patterns at the micro and messo levels create change at the macro level, and vies versa.  "Agency" can refer to a few different things, such as an organisation or an institution, but one of its most common uses in the social sciences relates to a person's capacity to cause change, whether at the micro, messo or macro levels. To use the definition provided in "Engaging with Social Work" by Jim Ife, "agency is the ability of people, individually and collectively, to influence their own lives and the society in which live."  "Structure" also has different meanings depending on the context and which social science you're analysing it through, but generally it refers to the way that society is set up. The term in general refers to all the different ways that society is structured at the messo and macro levels, but usually when someone uses it they're referring to the structures applicable to a specific subset of society relevant to their context. Ife notes that structural context includes "the way in which social institutions, laws, policies and practices allocate goods and services while restricting the access of marginalised groups." (The social sciences tend to analyse most things in terms of inequality and oppression. It's our thing.) For example, 60 years ago Western societies was structured in a way which severely limited choices for women compared to now, e.g. no welfare payments  made women financially dependent on husbands, no childcare centers required women to stay at home, laws allowed women to be paid less than men, women were expected to stop work once they got married, and it was harder for women to seek secondary and tertiary education (because what would be the point when you're going to get married in a few years?)  "Power" like the other words, depends on the context. Power usually refers to an ability to influence people and/or events. The social sciences often analyse power at the macro level, particularly how people with power often use that power to reinforce the societal structures which brought them to power. To use an extreme example, the people who are most likely to supported slavery in the 1800s were most likely to be people who benefited from having slaves. They used their power to fight against the introduction of laws which banned slavery to keep themselves in a privileged position.  Another important buzzword in this field is "culture." Culture is a very multifaceted concept, but in ELI5 words I would say "culture is a shared way of doing things, and shared reasons for doing them that way. Sometimes the reason that everyone does something in a particular way is because everyone else does it that way." Culture impacts individual people's behaviour at the micro level. When groups or whole societies of individuals behave in the same way (for cultural reasons), they use their agency to either support or dismantle the power structures within society.  Another thing to be aware of is the use of the word "critical" in the social sciences. "Critical" is often used to mean "seeking to change the power structures within society," not "critical thinking."  Sorry this is so long! I hope it makes sense.
318 There is no generally agreed upon theory. But one of the more prevalent ones currently is the [RNA world hypothesis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RNA_world). Today we have DNA with the main role of storing genetic information, and proteins as the main functional unit that performs the majority of biological processes and cellular functions. RNA can be both a molecule for storing genetic information as well as a functional molecule, although it doesn't do either of those as well as DNA or proteins. In the RNA world hypothesis, the origin of life happened with RNA, and then DNA and proteins came later to take over for most of what RNA did originally as more specialized and efficient molecules.   As for the first RNA, again we don't know but one hypothesis is similar to what you propose in your question. There was a nucleotide-rich soup with some source of energy that caused the nucleotides to spontaneously form chains. Some of these chains happened to have the property that they were self-replicating, and at that point evolution by natural selection kicks in. The sequences of nucleotides that are better at self-replicating become more prevalent than the ones that are worse at it, or can't do it at all. Any mutation that makes them better at replicating would replace the previous ones. Eventually mutations would occur that cause the RNA to use other molecules in the environment to form a protective barrier, creating the first cell. And so on until you have Kevin Hart.
319 Its a high density "liquid" slowly poured over to keep the sand from shifting. The pressure of the vehicle along with moisture and other debris has impacted the sand so it takes a good amount of force to ruin the imprint.  This is why crime scene preservation is required
320 If you're Asian born/raised in the US, there's a pull to "get back to your roots."  If you're born and raised in Asia and driven abroad for work (in this case, a Filipino migrant worker) there's an opposing pull - a desire to connect with those abroad who've "made it" economically.  Because of this, Asian Americans and Asian overseas workers are drawn to each other.
321 They don't!  They usually stick to eating just a small variety of plants, and they don't experiment with food outside their regular diet.   This is a great strategy, so long as your food is plentiful but is a risky strategy if your food disappears.   Other animals are generalists like us, for example rodents.  Rodents will experiment with new foods and run the same risks as we do.   However, remember that most animals stay in one region for their entire lives.  They don't often encounter brand new things that they have never previously experienced.  If there's a poisonous berry in the area, over time they will evolve an aversion to this (*eg it smells bad etc*) which will prevent them from eating it.   Or, they develop a tolerance to the toxins in it (*for example, humans have a fairly good tolerance to small quantities of cyanide compared to dogs because it appears in our diet more often*).   But if a brand new food entered the area, they'd give it a go and hopefully it's just not poisonous.   Historically animals have been relocated to brand new environments, for example rats went with European colonisers to the new world.  Undoubtedly many rats died from consuming poisonous foods in the area but enough survived to develop new tolerances over time.
322 For one things, different acids are different chemicals and would react to water differently.     For another, the water you drink is not hitting pure acid.  It's hitting a slurry of partially digested food and the acid breaking it down.  If your stomach is empty than I don't believe there is acid in it at the time.     Doing some reading on it, it appears that hydrocloric acid is not as reactive as the acid you see in labs and it's diluted by the stomach contents,plus the stomich carefully mains an exact ph level when means it's never super strong or weak, so all those factors combine to prevent that sort of reaction.
323 Your body needs fuel. You're taking out all the rubbish fuel and only eating good fuel.  It's the difference between running your car on rubbish cheap fuel and decent stuff. 
324 You're not actually spreading the load out over more metal when you use a longer beam. The load is being applied only to the ends of the beam.  If you use a long beam, but put the supports much closer together so there is lots of overhang, you'll see the ends drooping and the middle rising... And you don't even have to apply any additional load.  Why? Because your making a lever. The beam is acting as a lever on the supports. And longer levers require less force to move.
325 Because energy storage sucks.   Anytime you convert energy from one kind to another there are losses.  You can only convert so much energy at a time, the storage only works for a limited time versus something like a generator that keeps going if you add more fuel.    Batteries - expensive, limited lifetime, take up room, typically are more efficient when discharged or charged slowly. Heat or extreme cold makes them less efficient. Not light.   Pumped storage - requires land for pond or dam, hydroelectric turbine, water evaporates leading to losses, etc. 
326 The answer to this question is an entire career's worth of studying, so anything ELI5'd is going to be a really, *really* high-level overview.   Binary works the same way normal math does, except instead of rolling over to the next position when we hit 10 (ie, 9 + 1 = 10), we roll over when we hit 2 (ie, 1 + 1 = 10).   Since there are only two possible values in binary--0 and 1--we can equate them to "true" and "false." There's a whole field of mathematics behind this, called "boolean algebra."  Turns out, a lot of really complex stuff can be reduced to a boolean algebra problem--it's versatile enough that we can do all the things that programming requires us to do with it, and create some incredibly sophisticated and complex chains of logic with it.  But it also turns out that since "true" and "false" can be represented by a high voltage and a low voltage, you can turn any chain of boolean logic into a physical, electronic representation of that chain of logic--that is, for any computable problem, you can build a circuit to represent it.  The rest is all just figuring out which specific circuits you need, and how to make them generic enough that you can run any algorithm on them.  That's the process of CPU design, and it basically boils down to providing a set of built-in circuits that perform specific operations. You provide this list of operations that the CPU can perform, called an "instruction set," and then you can use those allowed instructions to program algorithms for the computer.   An algorithm is the basis of all programming and all tasks that computers perform. And the ability to perform algorithms is possible because we can write any algorithm as a series of pre-defined instructions. Each of those instructions consists of a series of boolean logical statements, which can be represented by a physical circuit somewhere on your CPU, which themselves take binary inputs.
327 The answer to that question is really two answers because there are two quite different kinds of smoke detectors. An optical smoke detector (or photocell smoke detector) creates an infrared light beam and uses a photocell which detects it. Smoke will block the light beam and the alarm goes off.  Ionization smoke detectors use a radioactive substance to create alpha particles. The alpha particles crash into air molecules and turn them into positively charged ions and negatively charged electrons. The ions and electrons move in opposite directions between two electrodes. As long as the ions and electrons are moving, a current flows between the electrodes and a circuit  in the smoke detector thinks all is well, so the alarm remains silent. Smoke has particles in it that interact with the ions and stop the current from flowing.
328 EKG/ECGs are essentially graphs that show you the electrical activity in the heart, since the pumping of the heart occurs due to the transmission of electrical impulses through the tissues of the heart. When there are changes or damage to the heart due to various medical conditions, this changes the way electrical impulses travel and will generate various patterns on an EKG that differ from normal. Different patterns are associated with particular conditions. An EKG is only one component of testing heart health and other heart tests may be needed to get a full picture.
329 Licencing is divided up by region.   Before the internet, film distribution was achieved by physically shipping VHS and DVDs.   This created a revenue opportunity.  Rather than selling a film once, they could sell a film many times over to media in different regions.     Later, the internet came but all the existing film distribution contracts were *already* carved up by region.  This problem has never been solved.  It's carried forward into the internet age.   Film distributors have no interest in solving the problem, at least not yet.  If they removed regions from their licences, their revenue would go down as it's not likely that anyone would pay for global rights the same amount that many would pay for regionalised rights.   Potentially this will change with the advent of truly global distributors like Netflix.  But for now, most media is still regionally concentrated.  And film distributors can still make more money by licencing a film many times over to different regions.   **Tldr it's a hangover of the pre-internet days. Film distributors make more money by selling regional licences**
330 That entirely depends on the poison. Some will break down into less toxic compounds, others might break down into more toxic compounds. Or it might do a bit of both. And of course those breakdown products may themselves break down into other things. 
331 It's called Ion Exchange. The beads in the softener pull the stuff out of the water. The salt pulls the stuff off the beads for discard so that the beads can work again.
332 This is a basic principle of science: The colder water is, the more gas it can hold. Think of it like the reverse of dissolving sugar in water,  where the hotter it is the more sugar it can hold. As the soda temperature rises, the amount of gas that the soda can hold decreases,  so gas has to escape.
333 It depends on the type of faucet you have, but in general, it let's both cold and hot water in. If you adjust it to hotter, it's just letting in more hot water and less cold water.
334 I assume you are talking about the shadow the moon casts on earth like an eclipse. We can replicate it, for example In a dark room take out your phone flashlight and point it at a wall. Now put your fist in between the light and the wall. Move your fist closer to the light and the shadow gets larger, move your fist away from the light and your shadow gets smaller. When your fist is right against the wall, your shadow is slightly smaller than your fist. Some light got around your fist and lit up the edges.   The distances between the light source also have have a lot to do with it since the sun is so much further away from the earth (the wall) than your fist(moon) is from the wall.  I hope that made sense, its 1:20 am here and my wife just asked why I was making shadows with my phone light.
335 Urine being sterile is actually a myth.  It's not true, regardless of whether it is hot or cold.  ANYTHING that comes from your body will contain bacteria and such, including urine.  &amp;#x200B;   [https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/turns-out-urine-isnt-actually-sterile-180954809/](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/turns-out-urine-isnt-actually-sterile-180954809/) 
336 Bruises happen when blood vessels are broken without breaking skin. The stress and trauma triggers pain-sensing nerves, and the inflammation as part of the healing process adds to this.
337 Feces is the waste from your body for one. It has much less, and often no, nutritional value. That alone makes it something that can make you ill. Feces that isn't your own can be infected with diseases like hepatitis, which can cause you to get the disease. Feces that isn't ingested quickly can also grow new bacteria that can make you ill. 
338 One way is that financial institutions are required to screen electronic transactions against lists of sanctioned people. So if this person tried to send a wire to any US bank account, the banks system should catch it and reject the transaction. And the attempted transaction will be reported to the Dept of the Treasury.
339 
340 On the surface it seems like all three colors(red, green, and blue) should be weighted equally because that's what the pixel is made of; but it turns out that gives you a really crappy looking grayscale image.  Your eye is far more sensitive to green light than red or blue, and still more senstive to red than blue.  When the computer converts from RGB to grayscale it will give far more weight to the green value than the red which means 0,255,0(green) will end up being far brighter than 255,0,0(red) or 0,0,255(blue).  Since yellow has a green component it will end up being fairly bright.
341 &gt;What I don't understand is a shuttle launches near enough vertical,  Travelling at around the speed of a bullet so how could this speed be correct?  Spacecraft launch vertically so they can get out of the thick lower atmosphere as fast as possible. The closer to the ground you are, the thicker the atmosphere is. This produces a ton of drag on the spacecraft, making it difficult to reach the speeds required for orbit.  &amp;#x200B;  &gt;Surely we wouldn't even be able to see a launch happening at that speed and to reach space it would only take around 10 seconds?  Well first, nothing accelerates instantaneously. You can watch any video of a rocket launch and see that when it leaves the pad, it's clearly not going very fast at first. That's because it has to accelerate. When you get in a car to drive somewhere, when you put your foot on the accelerator, you car isn't instantly going 60 mph. It takes some seconds to get to that speed. So too with rockets, they have to accelerate. It takes several minutes to get for 0mph on the launch pad to over 17,000 mph in orbit.  &amp;#x200B;  Second, getting into orbit isn't just going straight up. Like I said above, that's just to clear the densest part of the atmosphere. To get into orbit, you have to go *sideways* really fast. Again, watch any rocket launch video and you can see that it doesn't just go straight up, it makes a slow arc from vertical to horizontal.   &amp;#x200B;
342 This is an ELI5 explanation, and is not sufficient for a radiology exam.   The kV is the potential across the tube (from anode to cathode) in kilovolts. Voltage controls the maximum energy of the individual x-ray photons. They will be a spectrum of energies less than the peak.   The mA is the current through the tube in milliamps. It, along with exposure time determines the overall dose for a given voltage.   
343 The germs that eat us only do that when there's enough of them. Being alive keeps their numbers low enough so they don't grow out of control, but once we're dead the helpful germs die too.  Plus, natural biological processes other than that take over too. Living cells replace dead cells, but if all the cells are dead then there's nothing to use as replacement.
344 It all depends on how the netcode is written and interpreted.  When you play online your copy of the game receives instructions from other peoples computers playing the game in near real-time. These instructions include what other players are doing.  But if/when there is an latency (lag) then the game will malfunction, players will seem to jump around as your copy of the game catches up with the instructions.  To compensate the game can include code that takes 'a good guess' of what that player is trying to do if it doesn't receive instructions in a certain amount of time. If for instance you are moving in a straight line, then it's easy to assume that this will continue. This helps smooth out the gameplay.  But this invariably causes glitches so the game has to have code to compensate for this which can have unpredictable effects depending on how well it's written.
345 Nerves are more sensitive when they are moist/warm. Same way you can't taste anything if your tongue is dry and can feel temperature much more if your hands are wet. Once you moisturise your hands the nerves become more sensitive to temperature and touch. Which can ache if the skin condition is bad enough and has caused sensitive skin in that area. 
346 Pain receptors send signals to your brain that is interpreted as a painful sensation. Applying pressure to the affected area activates touch receptors in that area, which not only sends messages of a touch sensation, but can also inhibit the transmission of pain signals along its path, therefore reducing the intensity of pain signals transmitted to the brain.
347 As /u/Korvax_of_Myrmidon pointed out, most wild animals don't experience noise loud enough to damage hearing most of the time. There are some exceptions, though, like thunder.  Some obvious solutions are to move away from the noise, if you can. You can curl up in a burrow which will limit how much sound reaches you (which you're probably going to do anyway during a thunderstorm). Many animals can control where their ears are pointed, and you can point them away from the sound. It won't do much but it still helps.  I'm not familiar with animal ears but humans, at least, have some interesting adaptations for protecting hearing that I can't imagine other animals don't also have.  For exposure to sudden, unpredictably loud noises muscles inside your ear tighten to limit the movement of the various parts of your ear that transmit sound. Your eardrum can be pulled a bit taunt. The three tiny bones moving sound from your eardrum to your cochlea are suspended with tendons which can be pulled tight, too. If they can't move as much, they can't transmit sound as much.  When you're chronically exposed to loud noises, your ears produce more ear wax to block some of the noise from getting to your eardrum. This takes time, though, so it only helps if you're constantly experiencing loud sounds. 
348 [removed]
349 Blood clots are a response to damage to blood vessels. They plug gaps and eventually fill them in.  When blood vessels are damaged, components called *platelets* latch onto the damaged sections and begin signaling for themselves and other platelets to activate themselves, releasing chemicals into the bloodstream which activates even more platelets and releases even more chemicals.  This eventually results in a *coagulation cascade,* a complicated chain of events involving dozens of different compounds, eventually leading to a thick plug sealing off the blood vessel until the overlying parts of the body can heal.
350 One of two things, generally speaking.  1. The product will have a higher than acceptable bacteria content; it's not perfectly sterile inside the package, so the bacteria that are there will eventually thrive. That bacteria can make you sick, so the more of it there is the more unsafe it is to eat.  2. The product will have degraded beyond what the manufacturer thinks is an acceptable quality; chips will go stale, solid chunks go mushy, that sort of thing. It may well be perfectly safe to eat, but it just won't be very pleasant. In stuff you don't have to refrigerate, this usually happens way before it's unsafe to eat.
351 Getting a Michelin star means your restaurant is worth driving to. It promoted the tires, driving, and the restaurant. It benefited restaurants by drawing in customers and benefits Michelin by enticing you to drive and wear down your tires. 
352 Estrogen can lead to lower thermoregulation.  It is a commonly mentioned side effect of people undergoing hormone therapy.
353 It's our brains way of warning us that something is not right and we need to be on alert.  It means we've subconsciously picked up on something and sometimes we aren't consciously unaware of it.  That something may not actually be dangerous, but it often is, or at least could be.
354 There isn't a universally agreed scientific definition of a continent. What we think of as continents correlate with tectonic plates, but Europe doesn't have its own tectonic plate, and there are some places which have their own plates but aren't considered full continents (e.g. Arabia, Indian peninsular). Australia does have its own plate and Greenland doesn't, so that could be part of why one is considered a continent and the other isn't. But as I said, it's not a strict rule.  The other thing is size. Most maps are misleading when it comes to size because they exaggerate how big things are the closer they are to the poles. So Greenland often looks huge on maps (and it is to be fair), and Australia looks small in comparison. But in reality Australia is 3 times the size of Greenland. It is a bit arbitrary, but if you're defining an island vs a continent based on size then the line has to be drawn somewhere, and that line is apparently somewhere between the size of Greenland and Australia.
355 Lightning bolts are big streaks of electric current. Current wants to be "lazy" and find the path of least electric resistance, even if it deviates from a straight-line or some other short path to some extent. It just so happens that the resistance of different regions of the air doesn't transition uniformly, and the path jumps around a bit as it finds those regions.
356 Color is simply made from colorful substances, known as pigments or dyes. Some are minerals dug from the ground. Some are extracts from plants. Some are the result of chemical reactions.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pigment#Physical_basis
357 It's a jump, fleas don't have wings to assist like cheating grasshoppers do.  They accomplish this by weighing almost nothing and having comparatively strong and flexible legs.  If you find a picture of a flea, notice how thick and leveraged their hind legs are compared to the spindly legs of most other arthropods.  Of course it's all to scale, they can't jump very far in an absolute sense. Launching 50X your height isn't impressive when that only moves you a few inches.
358 Because our ancestors used them more than we did, and they’ve been growing more vestigial ever since.   If you look at a gorilla using their fingernails on fruit, vegetation and movement you might have an idea why we developed ours where and how we did.   I’m not sure if a gorilla would use its nails in a fight, either, but that’s another possibility. 
359 Your eye has three types of nerve cells, "cones", which can roughly be described as "red sensitive", "green sensitive" and "blue sensitive".      When reasonably intense light of a particular wavelength (around 430 nm) enters your eye it stimulates the blue cones. If those are the only cones that are being stimulated then your brain registers the color blue. Your other cones work similarly with different wavelengths of light, with light of slightly longer wavelengths activating the green cones and then the red.     When multiple cones are stimulated at once your brain reacts in different ways. Strongly activating all three types of cones causes your brain to interpret "white" while failing to activate any gives "black". Activating the red and green cones together creates the impression of "yellow" and this can be achieved either with pure yellow light (which activates both cones in about equal measure - see this graph: [https://www.unm.edu/\~toolson/human\_cone\_action\_spectra.gif](https://www.unm.edu/~toolson/human_cone_action_spectra.gif)) OR with an equal mix of "pure" red and "pure" green light - that is, wavelengths which on their own would only activate the red cones or the green cones.     The ability to use pure red and pure green light in a mixture to create the same reaction in the brain that pure yellow light would is central to RGB technology. By using sources of light which give off the "pure" red, blue, and green light and whose intensities can be controlled we can easily mix a combination of wavelengths that cause the brain to react the way we want.     Here's a color mixer you can use to play with the idea:  [http://csfieldguide.org.nz/en/interactives/rgb-mixer/index.html](http://csfieldguide.org.nz/en/interactives/rgb-mixer/index.html) . This color mixer gives you full control over the RGB light sources in your monitor so you can see how they can be combined to create the impression of millions\* of different colors.     (\*If we can set each light source to an intensity on a scale from 0 to 255 then there are 256\^3=16,777,216 possible combinations: the "16 million colors" often references in ads for RGB devices)
360 Tetracycline antibiotics work by inhibiting bacterial ribosomes (the molecular factories that make protein in cells). Thankfully, human ribosomes look different than bacterial ones, so we aren't affected. Hooray! Except mitochondria actually possess their own ribosomes that look extremely similar to bacterial ribosomes and can be inhibited by tetracyclines. Along with the fact that these drugs tend to precipitate with metal salts, like in your teeth and bones if you are child, this is one the reasons why tetracyclines have a worse side effect profile than penicillin antibiotics. Thankfully, the side effects are still pretty mild and newer generation tetracyclines like doxycycline are quite safe. 
361 Light helps us regulate our circadian rhythm by destroying melatonin. Melatonin is a hormone that signals the mind and body to be tired and sleepy. Over the course of the day, melatonin builds up until it reaches a critical level, which causes a cascade of other chemical signals that cause you to sleep. There are other signals in your body that build up at a regular, predictable rate that creates your internal clock so that even without light and dark periods you will generally sleep and wake at about the same time - *for a while*. The internal clock isn't perfect and you need other signals to keep it regular. Your clock needs to be "reset" to ensure that you are awake when you evolved to be awake, which is during the day.  Light, especially blue light, signals the body to create enzymes that both destroy melatonin in the body and block the production of melatonin. This helps to reset your internal clock so that you wake up more or less at sunrise and become tired more or less at sunset, regardless of what your internal clock would otherwise be telling you to do.  The longer you go without sleep, the more your body produces melatonin so you can overwhelm that enzyme and become tired regardless of how bright it is. However, when you are attempting to sleep light interferes with the melatonin and makes it more difficult to initiate that cascade of signals that actually causes sleep. You can learn to sleep through it anyway, but that usually means you're already sleep deprived enough that your body ignores the light.  Side note: caffeine binds to the melatonin receptors without activating them, which prevents the melatonin from binding to those receptors (because the caffeine molecules are in the way). In this way, caffeine makes you feel more awake and alert. If you become "tolerant" of the caffeine and still are tired after consuming it, it's not because you drink so much that your body is used to it, it's that you're sleep deprived and your body is producing even more melatonin that out-competes the caffeine.
362 I've noticed that this post has been downvoted to 0, and no one has yet responded. I am not expert on this topic, but maybe I give something of an explanation. Just take everything with a grain of salt.  Dialectical Materialism is Karl Marx's anaylsis of History as a Process. Inspired by an earlier German philosopher Georg Hegel's Historical Dialecticalism (which states History as a process determined by the Zeitgeist (which translates directory to something akin to *Time-Spirit*) and is leading towards a particular type of society (to which Hegel believed was something akin to Constitutional Monarchy). Marx rejects the Zeitgeist but *material* condition of the people of a society, and by material conditions we their standard of living, fulfilment of basic human needs etc. So, History in Marx's view was a process accumulating towards a society in which was:  1. **Classless:** That is to say that there does not exist social classes which distinctly *classified* (for a lack of a better word, perhaps categorized works here too)  in to whether you owned private property or not. Private property in Marxist terminology does not own's person property or wealth (like your books on your bookshelf or the food in your fridge) but the what he refers to as the means of production. A good example of private property is a Factory; Dialectical Materialism believes that history is a process towards a society in which own could not a factory, hire workers to make goods, sell the goods at for the value they are worth^1 and pay the workers a fraction of that profit and collecting the **surplus value of the product of labour**. Instead, the workers would have ownership over such property. 2. **Stateless**: Dialectical Materialism believes that history is a process towards a society in which there existed no "State". This rejects Monarchy (where an individual has sovereignty over a country), or Republicanism. 3. **Moneyless**: Dialectical Materialism believes that history is a process towards a society in which society has 'moved on' from using money to exchange for goods and services.  So Marx referred to this sort of society as Communism. He believed that Dialectical Materialism puts forward a "complete" analysis of History, as it asserts a sort of *end goal*, as well as Philosophy, as Marx believed that the point of Philosophy was not to contemplate the nature of Society but to change it (via a Workers Revolution to install a Communist Society).  One more thing on the topic of Communism and its relationship to bullet point number 2...  Karl Marx published "The Communist Manifesto" around the time of the 1848 Revolts that occurred across varies European Countries (namely Prussia, Austria and the various German territories). In time, "Communism" mostly fell out of favour for "Marxism" until Vladimir Lenin and his Bolsheviks seized control of Russia. Where Lenin deviates from Marx as he believed in the "Vanguard State", that is a Socialist State controlled by the Workers Councils (the word for which in Russian is *Soviet*). This was futher extended by Josef Stalin in his later writings to which he declared the official state ideology of the Soviet Union. This was known as Marxist-Leninism. So in most instances of the English speaking world, when someone refers to Communist, they likely refer to Marxist-Leninism. However, as Marx precedes the philosophy known as Marxist-Leninism, it would be a source of confusion to believe that Marx asserted that the end goal of history was a Socialist Vanguard State, as there are differing schools of thought about how to achieve communism (Trotskyism, "Left" Communism, etc.).  Personally, I think it is perhaps more helpful to think of Communism as being similar to Gene Roddenberry's Star Trek; It is the distant future, there doesn't appear to be distinct social classes (that I am aware of), they don't use money, and there does not appear to be nation states. I am however not overly familiar with Star Trek, so I reckon the analogy falls short.   I hope this was of some explanation (or atleast better than none). I would recommend a book called "Marx: A Very Short Introduction" by Peter Singer. While I find it a little odd that Peter Singer is the author of the book, I found it useful and is very short but adequetely concise. He also has a book on Georg Hegel whom I mentioned earlier if you are interested in Historical Dialecticalism and Hegel's philosophy (Marx is said to be the product of Hegel and Ludwig Feurbach's philosophy, as he combined Feurbach's Materialism with Hegel's Dialectical outlook of history).
363 Wine is fermented just once. Vinegar is a product of a second fermentation, after wine is made.  Oxygen itself doesn't do it. Bacteria are needed.  Edited for clarity and correct info.
364 Sharp edges are stress risers. Stress is defined as a force applied over an area. So if you apply a large force over a small area, you get high stresses. This idea of stress can be used to calculate when something will fail. When you get dramatic changes in geometry, you get large stresses.  A sharp corner is a very dramatic change in geometry, so you will get a very high stress at that point. The higher the stress the sooner a part will fail due to fatigue.  Fun fact: This is why many packages have serrated edges. It makes them easier to rip open.
365 I think it has to do something with the casing shrinking unpredictably when heated. Most uncooked sausages are almost straight, but when cooked the bend. Same for pre-cooked ones. 
366 The [double slit experiment](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cd/Double-slit.svg/2000px-Double-slit.svg.png) shows what is known as an [interference pattern](https://d2vlcm61l7u1fs.cloudfront.net/media%2F2d6%2F2d696bb7-50f2-4928-9359-333b4ae3a408%2Fphpy0IYde.png) when specific kinds of focused light are directed at the two slits towards a backdrop. The interference pattern I linked to is a cross-section of waves, in order to form this pattern light must have wavelike properties, the intuitive result of the experiment would be two bright bands of light, where the photons would pass through the slits, but the results shows something else entirely. These particles exist in a "sea of probability" until something alters that state, then they behave as particles.  We *can* measure photons (electrons), but our measurements alter the particles. Measuring eliminates the wavelike properties of these particles by pinpointing their momentum (where they are going) or their location (where they are). This is why if you put a detector above one of the slits in the double-slit experiment you alter the pattern that is produced on the wall behind, by knowing if a photon passed through a slit you collapse the wavelike function of the particles of *both* slits.  This is a truly complicated aspect of our universe and it is infinitely fascinating what happens in the quantum world. Sorry if I went too far or didn't go far enough on certain things but my own knowledge is also limited on the topic. Feel free to ask for me to clarify, I will to the best of my abilities.
367 The equator is at an angle of 23 degrees 26 minutes from a direct line to the sun, so the sun appears to move to that angle north, then that angle south, then back, as the earth moves around the sun. At the equator, he sun is never more than that angle from directly overhead, so the equator gets nearly direct sunlight all year.  When the sun is directly over the equator, it's just rising at one pole and just setting at the other. Over the next three months, the sun moves to 23' 26" at the "summer" pole, then spends another three months setting. Because the sun is missing half the year and barely above the horizon the other half, the poles get very little energy compared to the equator.
368 You've got some major confusion here. A limited slip and a posi are the same thing. GM just trademarked the name positraction so others can't use it. A locking differential is better for offroading due to ensuring that both wheels turn in unison so if one wheel slips the other can pick up the slack. 
369 So the specific heat capacity is how much energy it takes to in react the temperature of one kilogram of the  material by one degree kelvin(not sure if that’s exact but roughly that). Generally speaking on a macro level I.e. a cup of water it is the intermolecular bonds are responsible as temperature is a measurement of how much something vibrates and if those bonds are stronger the molecules won’t vibrate as much.  It sure about the micro scale but I’m sure it would be similar.  
370 A folder is just a file that contains a list of the names and locations of all the files inside it. When you create a new folder, a new file with an empty list is created. Files that are folders are marked as being of a special type by the operating system. Moving a file from one folder to another on a disk doesn’t require that the file itself is moved. All that happens is that the file is removed from the list in one folder and added to the list in another. This is a little oversimplified, but gives you the idea of how it works.
371 Musicals pieces are classified from largest part to smallest pretty much.  Firstly, Symphony- because that is what the piece is C major is the mode in which the music, or at least the first movement, is played what is the next thing you can use the specify a piece.   You have two different things here next: G523 I think refers to Yves Gerard who categorized all the music by Boccherini in an archive. Sometimes the name of the composer is used to name an archive as in BWV (for Bach-Werkeverzeichnis) or like in your case KV (Köchel-Verzeichnis) for Mozarts music.  The other example is op. which stands for opus. Pretty much just a number that was given to the piece of music before or after the death of the composer. It depends on the context whether this was used.   "I", "II" etc. stand for the movement in the piece. I am not going into detail here but a Symphony consists of several different musical pieces that follow certain rules depending on time periods and composers. Your movements have a title "Grave" - Italian for "slow" and "solemn" and "Allegro con brio"- "fast with a spirit" or so.  Musicologist here. Feel free to ask more questions. I hope this helps.
372 You can think of head as zooming in or zooming out on the scene, depending on the language. For english, it would be whole scene to start and you zoom in on the details.  For japanese, you get the details and slowly zoom out until the final verb at the end. Wiki has a great x-bar chart to show [you this difference in action](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_\(linguistics\)#X-bar_trees)
373 [deleted]
374 Actually, the really intriguing question is since that level of computational ability seems to be an innate ability in human brains, why can't the rest of us do it? There are many examples of acquired savant syndrome, where a "normal" person suffered some sort of injury or illness to the brain, and were thereafter able to do certain amazing things, things that are generally restricted only to savants. So it would appear that these abilities are lurking in all of our brains, but are somehow controlled or limited by another part of our brain that needs to be disabled in order for the savant like ability to be realized.
375 A flow cytometer is used for counting the numbers of different types of cells (cyto = cell) in a tissue sample, almost always blood. As you might know, there are red blood cells, platelets, and a ton of different types of white blood cells in blood--certain diseases (like blood cancers) can make it so that you have too much or too few of a certain type of cell, so flow cytometry can be used to detect/diagnose these diseases.  The actual machine is pretty complex, but it's essentially a very narrow tube--so narrow that only one cell can pass through at a time. You load a blood sample in, and as each cell passes through the tube a laser shines on it and reflects off in a specific way. Computers analyze the reflected light and figure out what kind of cell it was. You can count thousands of cells a second as they flow through the machine.
376 When you inhale oxygen, it goes through all the tubes of the lungs until it reaches the alveoli, which are [tiny sacs](http://mammothmemory.net/images/user/base/uncategorised/1.22.22%20Further%20magnification%20of%20an%20alveoli.jpg) made of a single layer of cells. The oxygen diffuses through this single layer of cells and into the blood at the same time that CO2 diffuses out.  Nitrous oxide does the exact same thing, except it's actually *more* easily dissolved in water, so it gets into the blood even faster. Once it's in the blood, it gets distributed throughout the body, including into the brain.
377 Pointy is relative  Coronal discharges form when charges are concentrated enough that the electric field causes air to breakdown and conduct.  If you have a high enough field then air will fully break down and you'll form an arc between two points.  Pointy objects concentrate charges and create stronger electric fields around them, the pointier the object the stronger the field; but just because coronal discharges generally occur around points doesn't mean they have to.  You can get coronal discharges between two charged plates that are perfectly flat and perfectly smooth you'll just have to put a much higher voltage across those plates than if they were sharp points facing each other from the same distance apart.  When you pull your blankets apart you separate charges between the two blankets and generate crazy high voltages, on the order of tens of kilovolts.  This is enough to break down air the short distance between the two blankets as they're pulling apart.  The gap is small and the voltage is extremely high so you don't need sharp points to generate coronal discharges.
378 Fun fact, you only see fine detail and colour in a veeeery narrow area (called the fovea) in the very center of your vision. Colours and details on the peripheries are filled in by the brain.  It's hard to say what "resolution" an eye has because there's more scanning going on whereas a camera captures everything at once.
379 It is daylight, there is just no atmosphere to appear blue.  Also all the millions of stars lighting up the space around you are there too, they just don’t seem that bright compared to the huge one in front of you, if you go to the dark side of the moon and look up apparently you can see them all, some are so far away they are too small to see with the naked eye, but there is an awful lot more than you see here on earth.
380 Adrenaline and insulin are both made as needed. If they were made all the time there would be too much stress on the body.  Edit: In my haste I forgot, but u/fake_lightbringer reminded me. Both are make all the time, and simply spike or dip under certain conditions.
381 If you think back to between grades 3 and 5 you should recall learning about the "Water Cycle" where water evaporates from the ocean and rains back down on the land as new fresh water. The sun powers this evaporation and separates water from the salt in the oceans.
382 They could do it (or at least do a much better job of it), but why would they?  How would doing so make them any more money?  That's the only question to ask.  There are apps that flag a lot of spam and scam numbers (Trucaller for example), but they get defeated too.  Many of these have premium (pay) versions that do a somewhat decent job of cutting down on spam/scam calls.  Are you willing to pay a few bucks a month to cut down on the calls?  Probably not, as most people aren't.  So there you have it - unless cutting down on spam/scam calls can be monetized, it's just not going to happen.
383 It’s not so much the fact that we’re inside the womb as we are much smaller.  This means less blood in our body and this less pushing on blood further up our body. It also means less weight being pulled by gravity when we are upside down for birth.  As you tilt upside down your body responds by increasing the pressure of your blood so you can maintain blood flow to your lower extremities which are now the highest point of your body (head is near the floor).  Though the receptors in your carotids (neck) will work to keep pressures from getting too high, gravity will also want to yank all that blood back down.  We’re just used to feeling like that in our feet as that’s how we evolved.
384 sAC is a poorly-studied enzyme. It is unique in that it is found in the cytoplasm of most cells in the body and responds to intracellular calcium and bicarbonate, whereas the ‘regular’ (transmembrane) adenylyl cyclases are coupled to G protein receptors and are the mechanism by which most protein hormones in the body work. We know that sAC is important in sperm maturation and central nervous system growth, and its interaction with bicarbonate would seem to indicate that it probably plays a role in acid/base balance, but we just don’t know very much about it.
385 Take whatever answers you get about the brain with a grain of salt.  The human brain is the most complex object in the known universe and we know very little about how it works.  Most of the responses you will get will be, "makes sense in my head" responses but not scientifically accurate.
386 TCP/IP uses addressed such as 192.168.1.X, where the X can be any number from 0-255.  When you log into a wifi, you can open a command prompt and type ipconfig to see the ip address the computer typing the command currently is using. the 192.168.1 can be anything, but most common it is 192.168.1 or 192.168.0.   then if you type ping 192.168.1.0, then ping 192.168.1.1 and ping 192.168.1.2. ..., you can build a list of addresses on the wifi. A whois command on the ip addres can give more information.  A camera would likely be connected to the same wifi as you. While I'd guess there is an app to do all the ping'ing and whois'ing a scan of the local IP's could reveal a camera on the wifi. Many IP cameras use the same software, so trying to connect to any of the IP addresses could open a camera image.  If you want to sweep the room, you want a wifi-detector from ebay for $30. The detector simply looks for radio signals, where a hidden wifi cam would show up, similar to a metal detector finding a horseshoe, with a big string signal and give a small circle to inspect. 
387 Human's love anything sensational.  It's like the old marketing saying, "Sell the sizzle, not the steak".
388 Usually, they work their way out.   Blinking and rolling your eyes work materials around the surface of the lens.  For example, small dust (ever present in the atmosphere) is continually landing on your eye and being wiped off by blinking and tears.   Larger items like an eyelash may adhere briefly.  You naturally blink and flutter your eyelids in response, which works the object to the edge of your eye and out.   They exit externally, the same way they got in.   If you can't blink an object away, you need to see a doctor fast.  A small rock lodged under the eyelid with scratch the surface of the eye and can cause damage quickly.
389 Stores host ratings and reviews from the public to help customers decide whether to buy the game. The average rating from the public is supposed to more-or-less reflect the overall quality of the game.  "Review bombing" is when people organize to give lots of low reviews to a game to discourage others from buying it, based on a specific grievance rather than a typical review of the game overall. For example, if there is a problem with an update or expansion, or even an announced sequel. Sometimes the reason is political, like when the developers made unpopular statements. It's like a call to boycott, but implemented through "reviews" of the game.  Stores see it as a problem when the reason for the review is not related to the specific product they sell, but something external; it harms sales for reasons they can't control. Of course, developers and publishers don't want anything negative said about their game. But consumers like having an influential way to communicate their displeasure.
390 To keep stuff, bugs, crumbs, ... out of the mechanism.  Anything that changes the mass of the moving cone changes the sound response.  Little holes let the sound out as well.
391 The back button doesn't always do the same thing. If you have your keyboard open for example, it'll close the keyboard rather than going back a page. In a web browser, the web page goes back but you're still on the same page (the browser window) within the app. In order to facilitate this behavior, the operating system allows the app in the foreground to capture back button presses and perform custom behavior. The app in these cases will simply capture the press and ignore it.
392 What kind of training is this that gives your friend depressive bouts? Also, do these depressive moods come immediately after, or during off days, etc?  An overly simplified answer is that exercise 1) releases hormones that make you feel good, 2) increases blood flow and lymphatic flow, which helps remove toxins and provide every part of your body with what it needs, 3) releases stress hormones that have built up from stress, anger, sadness, etc., 4) gives your body focus and purpose, which gives you satisfaction and confidence while letting your brain get away from over-thinking, and 5) trains your brain to do all of these things more efficiently and want to do these things more.  My guess for the depressive bouts of this other person, and this is really just a guess, is that they could either be so overwhelmed with life and feelings that the release from exercise is too drastic, or that it amplifies the lack of these good feelings while not working out. Maybe lesser but more frequent exercise would be beneficial.
393 Picture throwing a stick into a fast-flowing river. It would spin around for a little bit, but then you'd expect it (generally speaking, on average) to align with the flow of the river. This is what's known as a [preferential alignment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preferential_alignment). Throw it into a still pond, on the other hand, you wouldn't expect it to have any particular alignment; it might readily be North-South, East-West, or anything in between.  A rheoscopic fluid works kind of the same way, except there are millions of tiny particles in it, and each one of them reflects the light that hits it. When they're all pointing the same way -- as they are in areas of high current -- they're all reflecting the light that hits them back in roughly the same direction. That makes it seem brighter to us. When the current is lower, they're not all facing the same way (like in the pond example), so the resulting reflection is less bright overall.  The liquid isn't 'ridged' or 'waved', for want of a better word, so there's no negative space; it just looks that way because it's not reflecting light equally in all directions.
394 Drag racing goes back before there were cars. If you ever heard of a quarter horse, they got that name because they were breed to run in 1/4 mile races.  The basic rules are simple, 2 people line up against each other, someone says 'go' and both race to the a line measured at 1/4 mile from the start. As cars got fast, some places reduced the distance to 1/8 mile.  Cars are broken into classes of similar vehicles. some classes require it to look like a car, some not like a car and other actual cars.   The [chistmas tree](https://www.gulfportdragway.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/XmasTree_resize.jpg) is used to start the race. The staging lights are used line both cars up to the line, then the yellow lights flash down to green, if anyone moved before the green they get a red light. At the end of the race, drivers [pick up slips](https://acurazine.com/forums/attachments/first-generation-rdx-2007-2012-147/25318d1411596461-1-4-mile-time-slips-video-.25-mile.jpg) which shows there reaction time and time to specific distances. in this case, the winner ran the 1/4 in 12.294 seconds and finished at a speed of 92.41 seconds. The looser actually finished faster than the winner, but was slower at the start and never caught up.  You race what you bring, automatic, manual, dual clutch or cvt. Whatever you think will win. Most tracks have an open track day, where anyone can take any car, pay $20 and race. It's a real hoot. Most tracks have 6 or 8 lanes for the cars to line up on, then there is one guy who picks out what 2 cars go together, most time he does good and the races are fun.
395 Imagine that Country A has a lot of grassland that is good for raising cattle. Country B has a lot of coastline that's good for fishing. The Hecksher-Ohlin theorem is (basically) that we should expect Country A to export beef and Country B to export fish. That is, countries export the thing they are best at making. Hecksher-Ohlin expressed this idea specifically in terms of labor and capital. Countries with a lot of capital will export capital-intensive goods (today, something you can 3D print) and countries with relatively more labor will export labor-intensive goods (something that still needs to be made by hand or done by a human).   Leontief tested this theory by looking at the US, which at the time had much more capital than any other country. He found that the US tended to export labor intensive goods, contradicting Hecksher and Ohlin's theory. Rather than finding an alternative explanation for this finding, he just called it a paradox.   Most economists today would say either that Leontief didn't do a good job of measuring what he wanted to measure or that he didn't take into account the fact that the US also has a lot of *highly skilled* labor, and its exports use a lot of this labor. Leontief did his work before skilled labor was widely understood to be its own type of "capital" (human capital), one that is probably more important than physical capital. 
396 Certain particles have charges. Charges can be one of two types, called positive and negative. There's no real reason positive charges are called positive or negative charges are called negative, that's just convention. A charge is surrounded by an electric field, and a moving or spinning charge is surrounded by a magnetic field. Particles of opposite charges make fields that point in the opposite direction, and particles with larger charges make stronger fields. Charges have a force exerted on them by electric fields, depending on the strength and direction of the field, and moving charges have a force exerted on them by magnetic fields, also determined by the strength and direction of the field.  There isn't really an underlying reason for why they experience a force this way, other than "that's the way the universe works".
397 Lions and bigger animals don’t need venom. They kill by force, and they are successful. Spiders and snakes have evolved to use venom, because the ones that were venomous survived. 
398 It's the money that the government borrowed from various entities to pay for things it wanted but couldn't afford to pay for with revenue. It exists because the powers that be wanted those things more than they wanted to avoid debt.
399 Humans have nails because they are vestigial claws. They are useful for picking at stuff, such as pulling off parasites or peeling fruit. Basically they are built-in simple tools for concentrating force with our hands.  Those things aren't really a "purpose" because our bodies were not designed, but are instead a useful function.
400 They think, often correctly, that the overqualified candidate will quickly leave for a better job.  Meaning they will lose the money spent on training the new hire.
401 Chatbots are basically taught how to have a conversation by throwing them into one.  At first, the chatbot might only know to start a conversation with "Hello!" Then someone replies, "Hi! How are you?" and the chatbot learns that "Hi! How are you?" is an appropriate response to "Hello!", so next time someone says "Hello!" to the chatbot, it replies with "Hi! How are you?"  This continues over and over and over, until it has some very basic conversational skills.  It's not perfect, though, since it still doesn't really know what the words mean. It might be taught to say "My name is Kim, what's yours?" when someone asks the chatbot "What's your name?" Then the person might reply with "I'm Dominiqueaughx," or some really obscure name. The chatbot might think "Hmm, I've never seen that before. What's the closest I've seen to that?" and it'll go through stuff it's been asked before. And maybe it'll stumble onto a log of it saying "I'm a carpenter," and hey, that's close, right? "I'm something," it's gotta be related! The user replied to that earlier with "Really? But you're a robot!" so I'll try saying that! And suddenly, chatbot's response to "I'm Dominiqueaughx," is "Really? But you're a robot!"  Of course, these chatbots rely mostly on user input, too, so people can mess with the learning by putting in incorrect replies, such as gibberish, spam, or just changing topics, too. But that's the very basics of it.
402 As /u/dan1d1 mentioned, there are two main strains.  To add on to that, it is possible to get into a state called superinfection, in which more than one mutated form of the virus is introduced, potentially causing greater problems to medication resistance, and a thing called "recombinant" virus in which a virus comes out with features of the two different parent mutations. For this reason, those who already have HIV should still follow safe practices since it can get worse if they are superinfected.  That said, people on medications are significantly less likely to get another strain since the medications limit the virus' ability to cause the infection in the first place--this is why PREP (giving HIV medications to people without HIV to prevent them from getting HIV) is a thing.
403 PPI is payment protection insurance. If you take out a loan you might be sold PPI which is an additional fee on top of the loan so that if something happens to prevent you making a payment the insurance will cover it.  The problem is many lenders sell the policies to people who don't qualify and they won't pay out. This means if you have been mis-sold PPI you may deserve compensation. The money comes from you, the money you paid for a useless service.
404 Because the battery pack has different connections for charging and discharging. One port is connected to the circuits to charge the battery, and the other is connected to a 5v supply created from the battery.  Some phones can act as power banks when connected with an OTG cable, which is the one with a socket instead of a plug. These detect the OTG cable, which is wired differently, and change the way they work. 
405 It is extremely expensive to build underground and a lot of the areas that are prone to tornadoes are also prone to flooding.  It is not easy to build and maintain an underground house.
406 This is a fun question! I get to impart usually boring work stuff!  So Grass is a general term, if we want to say the FIRST grass family, we can point to rice from about 110-140 ish million years ago,   Around 50-70 million years ago, what we we consider grass appeared, we call it C3 grasses, its a way that it uses sunlight for food in cells, Photosynthesis. Those are things like wheat, barley, rice, oats, and also most trees.  C4 Grasses showed up about 5 million years ago, and they use a more efficient form of photosynthesis that allows them to stay green year round, and survive low light and cold climate areas. These are your Lawn grasses, Bluegrass, crab grass, and the most common lawn, Bermuda Grass. It also includes things like Corn and Sugar Cane.
407 Nobody 'confirms' or tracks kills.  It's impossible and it serves no purpose.  Whenever you hear someone on TV say...  'This guy has 98 confirmed kills..."  It's just Hollywood BS.   If a sniper goes on a mission and then reports, "I killed X bad guys," there is no way for anyone to confirm it.  There is also no database or record for how many 'kills' a soldier has.
408 Use a changing bag to load the film into a processing tank. Changing bags are made of opaque fabric and have two elastic sleeves for your arms. After the film is loaded and the top is secured, you can remove it from the bag.  The tank has baffles which block light but allow you to add developing solutions. 
409 Because there are many, many different cancers. Saying 'Curing cancer' is like saying 'curing physical injury', because there are at least as many types of cancer as there are ways and places you can cut, bruise, crush, break and burn yourself.  So we will, and have, found ways to treat various types of cancers. Cancers that were certain death sentences not long ago are now routinely cured. We will continue to do so, continue to find ways to detect them earlier so they can be cured, and develop treatments effective against more advanced cancers.
410 It is being attractive on a very primitive, instinctual level.  It generally has a lot more to do with appearance and physical attributes than personality, intelligence, etc.
411 May be that the hardcore was mistakenly laid before the footings, or that the hardcore was to help support the digging machines better. Without knowing the details of the land/area, we can only guess.
412 **Financing**: There are a lots of ways these are financed, but for your big budget movie, its also taking a big risk.  The studio themselves will likely be putting up most, if not all of the budget, however, they will also take money from other investors, in exchange for (usually) partial ownership of the movie, or other rights. You should note that big movies and small movies, often can be financed very differently, so there isn't a single catchall for how "all" movies work, and even then, each movie really is its own world and financing a movie can be wildly complex on how (and who) you get the capital to make it.  **Production**: This is where most of the money is spent, and when you see the movie with a budget of $200M, they mean the production budget (and without delving further, for simplicity, production in this response is going to mean everything but marketing/advertising). Big budget movies require tons and tons of people, props, planning, food, actors, and special effects. Costs just build up and up and up with so many people, such long shoots, and top quality everything. And don't just think the "on set" stuff, there are entire armies of high paid, experienced people off set doing special effects, post production, audio, and so on. Next time you watch a big budget Marvel movie, stay for the credits... but read them! There will be literally 10,000 (more more) people credited on the movie, probably more. And thats just who gets actually put in the credits!  **Marketing**: You've got to let people know you've made the movie right? You already spent $200M, now you need to make sure people see it to make your money back!  Marketing spend for big budget movies can often be about the same as the entire production budget -- that is, it will be very common to see a movie with a $200M budget also spend an additional $200M in marketing it.  That is, they are already $400M in the hole to start. Damn, this thing better be a success
413 Often it's down to many factors - depends on mating rituals/types, how common one sex is compared to another, and how the animals behave - herds, packs, etc
414 They did not "create" them, they were independent states which agreed to form a union. There comes the name "United States of America" from. Just like the European Union, Yugoslavia or the UDSSR. I'm not American, so if I'm wrong, please correct me. 
415 There are specific kinds of lipids, what make up fats, that your body uses for various functions (including brain function) that cannot be created by the body. They have to be obtained through diet. These lipids are a different kind of fat than the storage fat your body creates. 
416 They work like a touchscreen on a cellphone and today it is almost always capacities sensing. They have the advatage that they do not need to be transparent so you can use different materials in them, like plastic that have less friction with your finger compared to the glass on the screen when you do not need the same amount of scratch resistans and no transparency.  There is a two layers of conductive lines one that is horizontal and one that is vertical. You can measure the what is called electrical capacitance between the lines where they intersect.  There is always a capacitance between confuting material  that include your finger but it depend on the  distance and get stronger the shorter the distance. So you finger change the capacitance between the lines by introducing capacitance between each one of them and you finger. So by looking at where the changes is and the amount of change you can determine where you touch it and even how hard.  Because you have the values of all intersections you can detect multiple fingers on the screen.  There have been some laptop that have be a screen at the same time like  [https://www.engadget.com/2018/06/05/asus-zenbook-pro-screenpad-touchpad-touchscreen/](https://www.engadget.com/2018/06/05/asus-zenbook-pro-screenpad-touchpad-touchscreen/) 
417 It isn't so much as your heart decides it, its your brain.  Essentially your brain is responding to stimuli.  When a person gets anxious, its because their fight, flight, or freeze response kicked in. During that response, your brain makes your heart beat faster and harder to get your body more oxygen. The oxygen makes it easier for your body to respond to the danger   Your heart's pace is decided by your brain depending on what it is responding to, and like the other commenter said, your brain can get used to certain stimuli and go "Oh hey this thing is actually safe, no need to worry".  So it doesn't respond.  It is your brain and body's way of preparring you to whatever it is being exposed to.  If it is safe, no need for extra oxygen, a calm slow heartbeat. If it could potentially be dangerous/is dangerous accoding to your brain, you need that extra oxygen so you adn run, hide, or fight, so faster and harder heartbeat to get extra oxygen. 
418 It all comes down to the role of the gene product (the translated protein) and the effects of the different alleles. For example, cystic fibrosis (CF) is an autosomal recessive disease and is due to the mutation in the gene for an ion channel called CFTR. this mutation leads to faulty production of this channel, and the overall effect of this is mucus buildup in the lungs/digestive system.The reason it isn't a dominant trait is that the cells of someone heterozygous for the mutation still produces enough of the *normal* copy of the ion channel (because of the single normal allele), therefore the person doesn't show the disease phenotype (therefore, healthy). Whereas someone homozygous for the mutation will only be producing the faulty CFTR, meaning they will be diagnosed with CF.  Hope this sort of answers your question. this is just one example, but whether a trait is dominant/recessive depends on the effect the protein produced from the allele variants has on the cellular level.
419  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semi-professional\_sports](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semi-professional_sports)  &amp;#x200B;  Semi-professionals are paid regularly like professional athletes, but at a much lower rate (usually not enough to play sport as a full-time job), though this will likely vary depending on the sport.
420  The largest animal to have ever lived is the blue whale, still around today.  Many large land mammals mysteriously went extinct around the time humans start spreading across the planet, right about when humans showed up.   Dinosaurs were large because some quirks of their anatomy and biology made it easier for them to get huge.  For example, some had air sacs in their bones just like modern birds do, making them lighter for their size than mammals.  They also had highly efficient lungs.  The giant insects of the Carboniferous are the only group that was larger because of higher oxygen levels.
421 Batteries are a result of a simple chemical reaction of 2 dissimilar metals and an electrolyte. For example a [galvanized nail, a copper penny and a potato](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/2/2a/Create-a-Potato-Battery-Step-5-Version-17.jpg/550px-nowatermark-Create-a-Potato-Battery-Step-5-Version-17.jpg). The basic chemical reaction creates voltage, where the size of the surface area of the nail and penny creates current.   If you stick 10 nails and pennies in a big potato, you'll have the same voltage, but more current. This is why a AAA battery and a D cell are all 1.5 volts.  Now with the same 8 nails and pennies, if you have 8 potato's, the potato's can be [linked together nail to penny](https://d1ca4yhhe0xc0x.cloudfront.net/Files/8117/17/fig9a-potato-battery-series-2.jpg) and add their voltages together to form a 12 volt battery.  [this is how a 12v battery can be the same size as a 1.5v AAA](https://goughlui.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/DSC_9156.jpg) 8 potatoes.
422 As we fall asleep, the body relaxes parts of our brain which is responsible for reacting to certain stimuli. One of these parts is the part that triggers the reflex for sneezing. The part responsible isn’t completely shut-off however. It simply causes the reflex threshold which tells your body to sneeze to be raised. This means that it requires much more stimulation to initiate a sneeze. [source](https://zidbits.com/2011/09/why-dont-we-sneeze-in-our-sleep/) 
423 Viruses are usually short-handed as "the virus injects DNA into your cells and takes over" but this is a simplification. Depending on the species, different viruses attack your cells with different methods. For instance, some don't bother with DNA, they just inject RNA into the cell. RNA is the instructions that will be made from the DNA anyway, so it kind of skips a step. Others use RNA to make DNA that *then* inserts into your DNA.  HPV is one of the ones that well and truly injects its own DNA into your DNA. Cells invaded by HPV are *permanently* changed. Importantly, the DNA is otherwise no different from your own, and it can and *will* be copied if and when the cell divides to produce daughter cells.  Many viruses do this. One of the main differences with HPV is that HPV is a slow, sneaky virus. Viruses don't actually "want" to kill their host - inasmuch as viruses "want" anything. They evolved to affect their host in the way most likely to spread the virus. You can't spread the virus if you're dead. So deadly viruses are usually ones that recently mutated to affect humans instead of their normal hosts, usually an animal. See: [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEYh5WACqEk) for more information. HPV evolved specifically to target humans (it's in the name, after all). It generally *doesn't* kill you - at least, not directly. Instead, HPV inserts its DNA into some cells and then it just...disappears for a while. It chills tf out. There's no need to crank out new viruses. It has already guaranteed the survival of its DNA for as long as you live.  Other, more conventionally dangerous viruses insert their DNA and then get to work immediately blasting out new viruses to spread. That disrupts the cell, eventually bursting it when it fills up with new virus particles. That doesn't give the host cell time to reproduce. HPV is just chillin', though, and its host cell does what it normally does. That includes reproducing. So your HPV-DNA-infected cell goes on to reproduce and now you have a whole section of tissue that has this HPV DNA sitting around, generally not doing anything.  When that viral DNA *does* do something, it encourages your cells to divide a lot. More cells means more viral DNA, and more cells to eventually crank out virus particles. HPV causes warts, which are benign tumors - blobs of tissue that don't do anything except exist. If your body doesn't control the infection and allows the virus to chill in your cells long enough, those benign warts can turn into real cancer. And HPV isn't generally smart enough to care *where* in your DNA it shoves its own. It'll stick it anywhere. Just kind of...shove it right in there. One of the places it might shove it is right in the middle of a gene that codes for programmed cell death, and now that gene doesn't work and your cells don't die when they're supposed to. Bam, cancer.
424 Many animals lack a sense of self, so they see the animal in the mirror as another animal. In addition, many animals use their sense of smell much more than their sense of sight, and as they don't smell another animal, there is nothing special in their surroundings to react to.
425 The molecules in paper is  long chains with a lot of interaction between different chains. and when heated they start to break apart into smaller molecules before the would change to a start we would call a liquid. The will be released as a gas and it it the gas that burn. The process is called Pyrolysis.   The burning only happen if there is oxygen and at lower temperatur a flame. But if you heat them up with out any oxygen they will still break apart and the gas is released without burning.  In the past it was quit common that gas network in town to produces the gas by heating up coal without oxygen pressen to produce the flammable gas you send out in the pipes.  &amp;#x200B;  Other material with smaller molecules where the connection between the get broken before the connection in the molecule get broken melt. Metals are large crystal of the same atom and do not form molecules like non metallic elements.
426 I believe it’s because Arkansas was owned by the French and then added to the US via the Louisiana purchase.   So Arkansas pronounced the way it is because it’s the French pronunciation while Kansas is pronounced the way it is because it’s the English pronunciation.   
427 I assume you mean why if you attach the laptop to the UPS and the UPS runs without mains power?  If so, there's multiple things responsible for this. First off, the laptop will most likely have some power saving functionality, that will decrease the amount of power needed, if it's not plugged into mains. Plugging it into the UPS makes the laptop believe it's powered by mains, so it will not be in power saving mode.  Secondly, as far as I know most UPS run with lead acid batteries. Those can store less power than the litium-ion batteries that are built into the laptop.  Thirdly, the laptop does not run on 120V AC / 240V AC, but instead uses lower voltage. That means the higher voltage mains needs to be converted into the voltage the laptop requires. When using batteries, those are optimized so they deliver as close as possible to the required voltage. That is because changing the voltage always has losses. The UPS converts it's own battery power (which is way less than the mains power) to mains power, then the laptop brick converts the mains power back into a lower voltage usable for the laptop. A lot of energy is wasted by this unneccessary conversion.  Lastly, a UPS usually is not built to be a continuous power supply, but rather give you enough time to save everything and shut the computer or server down safely. If a company needs a different way to power their appliances, they instead will use generators. Those are more efficient space-wise as well. On the other hand, the laptop battery is optimized so you can run it for as long as possible on battery power only.
428 From the paper's introduction, they're talking about the group or phase velocity of light waves. It's already known that group velocities can be faster than light (which does not imply faster than light information travel and so doesn't break causality). The original article is almost being purposefully misleading.   The novel part is more about the level of control as well as magnitude above the speed of light they can get the phase velocity to be.
429 Statutes and ordinances are laws. Statutes are promulgated by the federal and state government. Ordinances are promulgated by counties and cities.   Statutes will apply in the whole state or country (if federal). Ordinances will only apply in the particular city or county where they are passed.
430 Because an egg had multiple elements in it. And when you start mixing elements up the properties change. For instance the element sodium explodes on contact with water but sodium chloride (salt) doesnt. In short heating up the egg starts a chemical reaction making it a solid
431 &gt; how could it ever be accurate?  As you add more rectangles the closer you get to the true answer (because each rectangle will better approximate the curve). The more rectangles you add the closer the "error" is to zero.   Once you have an infinite number of them the error *is* zero. If you know what limits are it's quite literally the same thing. If every step has you get closer to reality, and you take an infinite number of steps, you'll get infinitely close to reality, which means you've arrived at the correct answer. 
432 What gives you the idea that we did ' separarte '  from animals? We ARE animals.     Consciousness is not binary. You don't 'gain' it after there was none and then have it. It's not on/off.  Dogs are conscious. Apes definitely are so too.   Also, the question is "WHO has this consciousness?" "Is there a 'WHO' without consciousness?" Or is it rather that an arising consciousness creates that 'who'?   You need to ask 'What exactly IS consciousness?' first, before you ask further questions. Otherwise you waffle for ages about something you have not defined.     And the discussion about that question is rather deep, hot, manyfold and most importantly fractured into different schools of thought.
433 The inside of the plane is under pressure and you don't want the windows bursting out. Corners are the weakest part of such a seal, so rounding the windows eliminates the weak points.
434 Where does left and right begin and end?  The answer is the same: with the observer.
435 When a mirror cracks each piece is (almost certainly) at a slightly different angle. Mirrors reflect what in front of them and when you angle the mirror *what* is in front of them changes. 
436 Patriotism is about how much you like your country.  &amp;#x200B;  Nationalism is a political ideology that has to do with a country acting only in its own interest.  &amp;#x200B;  Now a lot of people tend to use Patriotism to argue in favor of Nationalism, as in "If you loved your country you would want it to do what is best for itself". Or argue that you can't be Patriotic unless you are Nationalistic.  &amp;#x200B;  But this ignores that you could love your country because it works for whats best for everyone, instead of what is best for it despite the cost to other countries.
437 Water that evaporated is still water.  All the water on the earth is millions of years old.
438 At its simplest form, it basically says that RNA occured before DNA.  The main reason for this is because RNA can act like an enzyme which can cause more efficient chemical reactions.   DNA does not act like an enzyme (as far as we have seen) so the odds of life begining with DNA are probably lower.  This is all from memory, it has been almost 10 years since I took biochemistry
439 First of all, feel like you want r/askscience but I know what's up, so let's get into the weeds.  Let's stick to sound waves in air. Common ground for us. So think about your air wave, but change your reference frame. We no longer have a wave front moving through a medium, but a medium that has a number associated with it everywhere. Like temperature. You can build a magic stick that you can poke anywhere and it'll tell you the number. You hold it still, and you can see how the number changes in that spot.  Sound waves can then be thought of as nothing more than a periodic change in the number that a place has. Things like type of sound and distance and maybe direction can change the formula for how the number at the tip of your stick changes.  So now you get a new stick. A stick that does the same thing, but for light. And that's what EM waves do. They change the number at places in predictable ways. Not always intuitive, but predictable. As far as my professors have been concerned, there's not really a good analogy for it. You get the canonical drawing of a wave bc EM spits wave equations out of the ether like watermelon seeds at a picnic.  As you get deeper in the weeds, you can find a half a dozen or so different mathematical formulations (all giving you more or less the same stuff), so it pays to divorce your visualization from the math. Hope that helps you out.
440 Computer code replicates too (viruses on computers). The act of replication doesn't require desire. If the chemistry/physics just do happen to line up in self perpetuating systems, you get replication.   It's like how snowflakes are pretty and symmetrical. They didn't want to be symmetrical, the chemistry and physics just ends up that way. 
441 This is actually due to the mirrors in your car being curved! When you curve a mirror outwards (convex), it increases your field of view so you can see more, but makes everything seem smaller. And, as a result, things seem farther away!
442 Selective breeding. People plant the seeds of the ones that are easy to peel and don't plant the seeds of the ones that aren't. You can do this to get almost any quality if you give it enough time.
443 Plastic is generally an organic molecule, made up of carbon, hydrogen, sometimes oxygen and sometimes other elements (for example, PVC contains chlorine).  It can be produced on huge scales using relatively-cheap materials.  But the result is generally a new material which, unlike most other organic molecules, is not eaten by bacteria, which is how most things get broken down to a very small level.
444 Canines have an evolved sense of taste.  Put a piece of raw beef liver next to a piece of raw beef steak on a plate, a dog will have a preference.
445 Because a hard outer shell doubles as protection from predators, as well as anchor points for muscles.  Endoskeletons evolved to provide otherwise soft-bodied animals leverage to generate more power in their appendages without sacrificing as much flexibility as an exoskeleton.
446 Why doesn't your tounge bother you until you notice it?
447 You body uses a lot of energy fighting off illnesses, so when your asleep youre not using much energy and more can be focused on fighting illness
448 Just like radio stations must pay royalties to play a song, so must TV channels.   Then there are the more modern earning streams such as Youtube and Veoh, where the artist earns per play via ads in/on/around the video. 
449 The sim card is its own little computer. It have a processor, memory and permanent storage. It does a lot more then just hold an id but is continuously encrypting and decrypting data while you use your phone. And it is responsible for counting the number of times you have tried your pin and puk codes and will lock down if you try too many times. It does not matter what the phone is doing.
450 As you say, odors are made of molecules drifting through the air. When they enter your nose, they bind to special receptors that can only bind with certain molecules. It's kind of like the odor molecule is a puzzle piece and the receptor is a matching puzzle piece.  Except the odors don't bind with *only* a single receptor. They will fit in multiple receptors, and the receptors can fit multiple molecules. However, the exact combination of which receptors will accept a particular molecule is unique. The [vanillin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanillin) in the air will bind to *this* receptor and *that* receptor and *this other* receptor. A similar molecule may bind to *this* receptor but not *that* receptor and will bind to *that one other receptor*.  Each receptor is tied to nerves, which send their signals to your brain. Your brain interprets the unique combination of receptors being activated and recalls the information associated with the molecule associated with that combination.  Additionally, most smells are not a single volatile compound - the molecules coming off of the thing that you smell. It's a mixture of different compounds. A pizza smells like a pizza because it's a mixture of oregano and garlic and cheese and flour. Likewise, even what you might think of as "one smell" is probably a mixture of molecules that are always together because you only ever encounter them coming from the same object.  Smell is tied very closely to the memory part of your brain. It largely bypasses the filters that most senses go through that allows your brain to do some processing before handing the information over to the conscious parts. Instead, it can very easily evoke memories, which are pretty much always associated with strong emotions. Smell is also a key part of taste, so it can affect your body physically by affecting your apatite. If a smell is interesting or associated with good things, it may cause your brain to do things to get more of the smell, like breathe in deeply.  Other smells are associated through evolution with *bad things*, like sulfate compounds. Sulfate compounds usually show up during decomposition, especially when meat is rotting. Rotting meat is really bad for you, so that smell automatically makes you want to vomit in case you were just eating some rotting meat.  Those same molecules can activate other things not directly associated with smell. For instance, menthol activates cold-sensing nerves. This gives a cooling sensation, which can trick your body into reacting as if there were cold air. That can cause your sinuses to open up. Other molecules, like capsaicin activate heat-sensing nerves. That can cause your brain to react as if you are *on fire*.  That's what pepper spray does. It doesn't freak out your body because it's a smell (although you *can* smell it). Your body freaks out because it thinks it's on fire. It thinks your nose is on fire and your eyes are on fire and everything around your face is on fire. Other molecules in the pepper spray are irritants that cause itching and burning that just pisses off your nerves in ways not directly related to smell.
451 This is a lot of questions.  1) We actually have a few dozen different types of taste receptors in our alimentary tracts, mostly in the mouth but also in the throat and even the stomach (that's how you can "feel" spicy food or alcohol even after you've swallowed it). All of these react to certain chemical compounds - some to sugars, others to amino acids (the building blocks of proteins), and others to various "bitter" compounds (which cover a wide variety of types of compounds - the vast majority of our taste receptors are "bitter" detectors).   2) It's unlikely that we have any totally undiscovered taste receptors, but we are still learning about how receptors combine with each other to detect multiple types of compounds simultaneously, and possibly even detect compounds together that no single receptor can handle on its own.   3) Yes, other species have different taste receptors than we do. Taste serves two functions - one, to activate our pleasure centers when we eat something good or energy rich (sugar, fat, protein) and two to detect dangerous or poisonous food (bitterness, spiciness). Other species with other dietary needs need different patterns of encouragement/discouragement, so their taste receptors are different as well.   4) Yes, spiciness does send some of our taste receptors into fits, but you're also getting signals from regular pain receptors responding to the intense acidity. 
452 As others have mentioned, bruteforcing your way through every possible sequence would take a very, very, very long time to [HACK THE PLANET](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3CKgkyc7Qo).  On top of that, websites tend to use [two-factor authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-factor_authentication) to increase account security. That way, if one password gets hacked, you still have to verify the account with a separate device. The chance of someone being able to bruteforce *both* devices devices is astronomically low (as long as you aren't a big dummy and use the same password for everything)
453 Physics is the answer.  &amp;#x200B;  The physical world likes to balance things out. The greater the imbalance, the faster it tries to correct it.  &amp;#x200B;  When charging batteries, this takes the form of electrons and voltage.  As you use your cell phone, the cells inside the battery lose voltage.  &amp;#x200B;  The charger outputs a fixed voltage. So when you run your battery down low, and then go to charge it, there is a *big* difference in the voltage level of the battery cells compared to the charger. This means lots of current will flow, your battery will charge quickly, and everything will get pretty warm.   &amp;#x200B;  As the battery charges, the voltage level of the cells rises and gets closer to the voltage level of the charger. This causes things to slow down. 
454 Memory isn't a single thing. There are many different types of memory, which are physically based in different parts of the brain. The common types are episodic memory (memory for events), semantic memory (memory for ideas), procedural memory (memory for how to do things), and working memory (the type of memory that allows you to remember things that are happening second to second around you).  It's possible to lose one without losing others. For example, people who have Alzheimer's disease tend to lose semantic memory first--forgetting the names of things and people--even as their episodic memory for long-ago events is often fine.  Language is an incredibly complex process that involves pretty much all those types of memory, as well as a bunch of other specialized brain structures. People who suffer brain damage often do have language problems, but they're specific--so not being able to speak as fluently, or having trouble understanding people, etc.    
455 My understanding it that it's because the current tuning allows for tons of chord shapes you would not be able to form otherwise. Your hand and fingers don't care about the math/music theory behind the guiatar's setup, they care about being able to accomplish as much as possible on the instrument and that's what the current tuning is aimed at. One of the main reasons behind this being barre chords which aren't something piano players need to worry about. Go learn some barre chords, then tune your guitar equidistantly and try to play the same chords, you'll see what I mean.  FTR some players do tune their guitars so every string has the same interval between them, for example Stanley Jordan is a brilliant musician that played piano before moving to guitar and applied that type of technique to guitar, since he doesn't use barre chords the same way the average guitar player would he preferred the equidistant tuning since it makes things easier to remember and visualize on the fret board.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8BjlJwWVqo (it gets crazy)  If you are interested in taking advantage of the guitar's tuning, definitely check out the Caged system, here's a tiny summary of it https://www.stringjoy.com/caged-system/
